Dec 12, 2008
Mr. Plinkettâ€™s Star Trek Generations Review
Part I: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h06WKYFYdlo
Part II: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azSh47-oRPI
Part III: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zqb9q3c1Pxo

[Part I]
Star Trek generations is the stupidest
movie ever made
but ruined everything and not just Star
Trek movies but everything why make a
video review of this movie after it's
been out for like 14 years while the
truth is I've got nothing better to do
but I've always wanted to articulate all
the little points about what I hate
about this movie so let's begin shall we
the transition once again we've saved
civilization as we know it the good news
is and not going to prosecute so Star
Trek 6 concluded the movies of the
original cast pretty well I think Kirk
and the crew they they saved the
President of the Federation Scotty
killed the bad guy and then they solved
the mystery that scooby-doo couldn't
solve and in the end they all gathered
around and posed for a picture that
nobody took and then the enterprise had
sailed off into the sunset second start
of the right
and straight on to the one and they were
hanging their hats up their space hats
moving on to retirement but no I
couldn't leave well enough alone so that
I came time for the next generation
movie and what i guessing happened was
that people in the studio were probably
a little scared about making a Star Trek
movie without the original crew members
so in true stupidity they they added a
couple and and made it kind of a
combination movie which was stupid so
instead of making a really great
next-generation movie with a really good
story really good action they had to
squeeze in Kirk and a couple other
characters whoever else wanted to be in
it the story certainly isn't about
Chekov North is any one page about
Chekov it still I feel that I've been
given the opportunity to invest some
character into the into the dialogue
nice to see you in action one more time
Captain Kirk
Sulu had his own command they forgot to
ask him shall Nichols and they asked
Spock but he said he said no because the
script sucked go to hell so then there
you are they're launching the Enterprise
B and you have an awkward partial first
original cast only ones who are lame
enough to show up showed up the other
ones didn't show up because they had
better things to do so that made it
weird that made it weird from the
beginning number 2 things don't make sad
so the script for generations reads like
my dead wife wrote it and my dead wife
didn't know much about Star Trek now if
you don't know much about anything so in
the beginning the captain of the
enterprise B says ladies and gentlemen
we've just cleared the asteroid belt our
course today will take us out beyond
Pluto and then back to space dock just a
quick run around the block then of
course they got a distress call we're
picking up a distress call captain then
like in a true Star Trek thing they're
the only ship in range the ships are
bearing at 3 1 0 mark 2 1 5 distance 3
lightyears
signal the closest starship we're in no
condition to mount a rescue we're the
only one in range sir well that's okay
because that makes it kind of exciting
if they're the only ship that can be
there but if you'll recall they were
gonna sail around Pluto
of course today will take us out beyond
Pluto which puts them just inside the
earth solar system so they're near earth
in the heart of the Federation and
they're the only ship in range earth is
the headquarters of the Federation there
should be like hundreds of ships all
over the place flying around they got
the the shipyards near Mars they got
probably tens of ships floating around
here there and they could zip around at
the warp speed so I don't understand
then you got a gigantic space ribbon
that's flying around heading towards
Earth and it's three light-years away
shouldn't somebody have sounded an alarm
there's a thing coming at us there's
thing coming out at number three not
everybody got the memo about the
uniforms so now you got half the
original crew and half the uniforms from
the Deep Space nine I don't understand
this Starfleet is like a military
organization you know so they say look
we got new uniforms everyone put them on
the first the next month instead they
kind of said yeah put them on whenever
you want to it's just a fucking uniform
so if you run into an alien species that
wants to join the Federation and they're
all like what's going on with the
uniforms we don't know what's going on
number four different lighting
well it's painfully obvious they shot
parts of Star Trek six on next
generation sets they carefully covered
up parts where you could tell this by
putting random crew members in the way
just kind of staring but what's weird to
me is that the enterprise-d suddenly
look different for seven years on the
show we were used to see
it look one way nice even TV lighting
but since it's a movie they had to get
fancy so it's just weird cuz it's
different now and I don't like things
that are different let's take a look at
data's quarters before and now after see
see what I'm talking about it got darker
or something and I don't like things
that are different
number 5 ba cards stupid photo album so
Picard learns that his family died in a
fire he takes a moment out of his busy
day to kind of look at some photos
reminisce a bit looking at pictures of
his family on like a computer screen or
his little laptop wouldn't have been as
emotional so Picard's an old-fashioned
guy he likes books and Shakespeare
archaeology and old pots so it makes
sense that he'd have a photo album but
because this movie sucks they had to
ruin the photo album too by putting this
dumb little holographic border around
the picture did they really need to have
a space photo album now what purpose
does the little reflective hologram
borders around the picture serve other
than to distract you from the picture
why did they put that number 6 data's
motions chip is different looking yep
I'm complaining about this see the thing
is they made it look like a giant
computer processor that's so people in
the audience that don't know about Star
Trek know what the hell's going on
I guess that's alright but it just looks
so different from what it looked like
before they made this movie for people
that liked Star Trek right so when data
was gonna blast it with the phaser
completely disregarding any kind of
safety hazards he takes a look at the
chip you know and he's like maybe
someday Geordi maybe someday I'll put
this chip in my head and laugh at your
jokes so then that day finally comes
after he pushed dr. crusher in the water
and he says Geordi I want to put the
emotions chip in my brain
and it's like 500 times bigger and it
looks different so the data doesn't say
anything about it because you didn't
remember what it looked like and Geordi
didn't know what it looked like either
so they stick it in his brain number
seven Sauron space rocket and a bunch of
others that doesn't make sense is
captured thank you for coming
Malcolm MacDonald plays a villain named
Sauron he wants to extinguish a son to
make a giant space ribbon pass over a
planet and pick him up he'll do this by
firing a rocket into the Sun walk
first off Picard and the crew know about
his plan him and data figure it out in
the in the room with the map
that's wiseguy so then they go to the
planet to try and stop Sauron when they
get to the planet though they run into a
Klingon ship that has Geordi kidnapped
they offer a prisoner exchange that
makes no sense
then I will beam to his location then I
will beam to your ship and you can
transport with a solid I will be your
prisoner but first you must be me to the
surface so that I can speak with solid
so when they get Geordi back and they
being Picard down everyone kind of goes
about their normal business I'd like to
run a level-3 diagnostic on the port
plasma relays they forget about what's
happening why didn't they just like beam
down hundreds of security guards to go
shoot Sauron or send down some shuttles
or fire shot at the Klingon ship and
disable its weapons I could have just
been Picard right back up after they got
Geordi and said fuckers

[Part II]
this was once a see so we're on the
seabed of onion tchen to see but since
they didn't do that we got to talk about
this fucking rocket now I'm not a man of
science I'm a simple man I'm an old man
so assuming this is a class-m planet I'd
say their son is about as far away from
us as our son is right according to my
calculations a solar probe launched from
either to Klingon ship or the planet's
surface will take 11 seconds to reach
the Sun so how in the house or on rocket
gonna make it that far in 11 seconds
take us between 8 and 15 seconds too
long our weapons on to it light takes 8
minutes to reach Earth from the Sun and
that's warp 1 saurons rocket doesn't
look like it has a warp drive on it here
what if it did Worf would still have
eight minutes to shoot it down unless it
could go like warp 9 I don't know about
that though it was just a normal rocket
it'd probably take like a month to reach
the Sun but then a blasts off it escapes
the gravitational pull of the planet and
hits the Sun in like five seconds
now what is this kind of wily coyote
logic they expect us to believe this
bullsh
again not an expert in science but I'm
pretty sure that if the Sun turned off
they'd freeze to death in like one
trillionth of a second not when I'm not
an expert in this I just know a good
cold in my shed number eight Rikers
command and competence the way Riker
commanded the enterprise in her final
moments is actually shocking my dead
wife could have done about our job and
she's dead
so the Klingons use dirty sunglasses to
catch a glimpse at the enterprise shield
frequency that's it
replay from time index 94
they set their weapons to match the
frequency and they're able to hit the
enterprise their weapons just go right
through the shields stay upon the way to
penetrate our seals the wall would have
corrected this problem I knew I was
screaming it at the screen in the
theater the manager told me to leave but
I knew what to do
it changed the shield frequency stupid
ever since the Borg it's become a common
procedure even commander Tuvok knew how
to do it in Voyager
I've been rotating the shield frequency
every 10 seconds instead Riker started
babbling about a plasma coil is there
any way we could use that to our
advantage
plasma coil the plasma coil this plasma
coil plasma coil plasma coil applies
before the plasma coils plasma coil
problem so instead of saying like fire
all weapons fire all weapons repeatedly
over and over again until they blow up
keep firing photon torpedoes non-stop
you know I could have done that he tried
to hatch some kind of brilliant plan and
really they could have overpowered that
little ship in a second
shields are no shields done to make
matters worse by quarters that dumb
broad to pilot the ship down get inside
a woman I get to do something I've never
done before which is drive the ship
we'd given the keys to like the blind
dude you know the kid the teenager had
the keys
we threw the keys anyone in red who
happened to be passing that day you know
and then finally you know
you
I realize he's like the captain or
according to everybody Rikers the best
pilot you're gonna need one heck of a
pilot to pull that off is that you I can
do it
truthfully man you want is commander
Riker and I don't think you're
particularly good first officer but you
are also the best pilot on the ship
number nine saucer landing engaging
impulse engines so that that Troi
she's too slow on the controls and she
can't hit the buttons fast enough to
make the saucer part fly away from the
part that's going to blow up her general
incompetence leads everybody to their
doom
so she crashes the haul of the
Federation flagship in a forest
I once crashed my Cadillac into the
forest that's what killed my wife as a
bunch of smashing and crashing people
flying about even the furniture comes
off it slides around and then Worf takes
out a little flashlight why does he take
out a little flashlight what's he gonna
do with that he's going to shine it on
someone he's gonna shine a light showing
somebody where they're gonna smash their
face she's shining that light on so then
the dumbest thing happens right and it's
very quick very subtle so they actually
show the windows of the enterprise break
like smack like a like a glass window
they probably said hey the ship's
sliding around why don't the windows
break that'll make it exciting with all
the stresses that a starship must endure
do they really think the windows are
made of glass so what are the windows
made of you ask I'll tell you
transparent aluminum that's the ticket
laddie
that's right that's the same that Scotty
used to build the whale tank out of
there be whales here in fact data even
confirms this in an episode the
transparent aluminum alloy of this
window is exhibiting a pattern of
transient electrical currents this movie
just kind of throws any kind of
scientific logic out the window out the
window get it ah number 10 - stupid
Nexus now people like to bitch about the
way Kirk died he fell off a bridge then
the bridge fell on him he was trying to
save a pre-industrial civilization that
we never saw or we care anything about
that's not really a plot hole it's kind
of like just something that's stupid
so Picard ends up in the Nexus in the
middle of a Christmas caroler or
something Tiny Tim is there as Christmas
tree he realizes eventually this is all
some kind of weird acid trip
this can't be real and I finds Garnon in
his house but gyne was just on the
enterprise I thought she would on board
the enterprise I am
I'm also here think of me as an echo of
the person you know I guess it's a
guidance ghoster part of god and
something so if you leave you can go
anywhere anytime
all right I know exactly what I want to
go to the mountaintop on Veridian 3 just
before Solon destroyed the star I have
to stop him so instead of saying like
let's go back a couple days and I could
punch Sauron in the in the ten-forward
lounge or let's go back a week and uh
never meet Sauron he doesn't do that you
can go anywhere anytime
all right I know exactly what I want to
go to the mountaintop on Veridian 3 just
before Solan destroyed the star I have
to stop him but I need help so pro cards
like come back with me I need your help
we have to go back to a planet Viridian
3 come back with me millions of lives
are at stake at least stop son come back
with me and help me punch Sauron I want
you to leave the Nexus with me we have
to supplement call son from destroying a
star but Kirk's like can I go back to
the enterprise be and not get killed I'm
Pro cards like no I need someone else to
help me punch Sora let's go
maybe Picard wanted to go back just a
little bit because he couldn't find
where he put his favorite sunglasses now
the final and salt how cheap can you be
to reuse a special effect especially one
that was the finale of the previous
movie come on spend the extra $60 and
blow up another Klingon ship me for
fuck's sake we're not watching this
stinker for the plot just to be
absolutely certain we're going to
compare these two shots okay
maybe these two ships blew up the same
way I guess it's possible anything's
possible in Star Trek but you know what
I think I think they're being fuckin
cheap cheap like my wife that's why I
killed her in that fake car accident I mean

[Part III]
part three captain kirk's roll at the
end Captain Kirk is probably the best
captain in all of Starfleet history but
his function at the end of generations
is not to put all of his years of
experience to work while him and Picard
to some kind of awesome Star Trek thing
but it's mainly just to help Picard
punch the bad guy just who the hell are
you
he's James T cook all Picard really
needed was just an extra hand
in fact moments earlier he asked Guinan
to come back and help him I need help
now if you would have come back with me
together we leave so james t kirk is a
replacement for Guinan can you imagine
kind and running around on the bridge
punching Malcolm MacDonald there anyway
guy ons like I'm a ghost I can't help
but I know someone who can his name's
Kirk so you got james t kirk and you
know huh thank you gee I wish I had
something more exciting for him to do
other than punch an old guy you got any
other people you know in here is there a
Home Depot in here I can get me a
handful of day laborers to help hold
down Sauron while I shut his rocket
hearted Sauron kidnapped Geordi the only
reason I could see why Sauron kidnapped
Geordi was that he had some kind of
passing interest in his visor he
couldn't have possibly been thinking
about putting a camera on the visor and
seeing the enterprise of shield
frequencies so that the Klingons could
shoot down the ship eventually in fact
they weren't even expecting the arm
price to find them because they were
cloaked the only other reason why kidnap
Geordi was maybe wanted to help him get
back to his roots
uh-uh but seriously in the scenic he
comes into the room he's got Geordi
shirt off some reason then he asks them
to tell him about trilithium I want to
listen to everything you know about try
what else could soar I need to know
about trilithium he's already built his
rocket it's on the planet waiting to be
used
he already blew up the one son Bentley
already knows about trilithium and what
does Jordi have to tell them more about
trial of real moons doesn't already know
maybe he wanted to know what they knew
about his experiments Worf hora de nuit
Irma Miriam was they were scanning for
signature particles of a compound called
trilithium trilithium yes an
experimental compound the Romulans have
been working on trilithium is a nuclear
inhibitor seem pretty common knowledge
and Sauron saw Guinan in the lounge and
she knew about the nexus those kind of a
question of if they were gonna put two
and two together not really how much
Geordi knew another thing to kidnapping
the chief engineer on a starship is uh
not a good idea it's just gonna
guarantee that they're gonna come after
you why can't they scan Veridian 3 what
kind of stupid is this any luck is the
war no sir
I still could up locate the captain the
lame-o excuse they use for not being
able to locate where Picard beam down to
is this the sensors can't penetrate the
planets ionosphere is too much
interference what is an ionosphere
I mean sometimes they have trouble
scanning planets that have crazy
thunderstorm atmospheres but this is a
Class M planet with clear skies how come
the scanners don't work maybe then you
send down a couple of shuttles through
the ionosphere and you scan around their
captain is down on the planet with a
crazy person you think they'd try some
things to find the Kirk it's buried
under rocks moments before Picard is
rescued he buries Kirk's body under
rocks he could have said I got the body
at james t kirk here you should be him
up too and we could give him a proper
burial instead he's buried above ground
under a pile of rocks it's only a matter
of time before the animals get to her
card finds his photo album now we all
hate Picard's photo album last time we
saw it he was in his quarters with Troy
and then the Sun exploded however at the
end of the movie Picard finds his photo
album in the rubble of his ready room
there must have been some crash so what
point to Picard take this photo album up
to the bridge and then bring it inside
his ready room he never kept personal
shit in there
Oh book here and there but he just had
his fish a little model of the stargazer
and his laptop he also had an orange
plastic thing but I know why it was
there it was so that he could find it
and walk out on the bridge with Riker in
the same scene you know what that spells
lazy Picard's priceless ceramic thing
another thing worth noting in the same
scene is that Burkhart picks up an
object that end up on the floor of his
ready room as well this was something
called a curling nascar oh my god it was
given to Picard by a guy named professor
Galen
who was Picard's favored archaeology
teacher at the time
Picard seemed to think this Kurland Ness
car was the greatest thing since sliced
bread
I'm the workshop in the master of
tockman hell it's ancient this object is
over 12,000 years old and very very rare
you mean it's complete
never before in Star Trek has Picard
reacted so amazed by an artifact if I
said this is an incredible find
sure who needs day they just could not
say enough good things about this this
thing in fact it looked like he was
gonna gonna make an artifact in his
pants and professor Galen even said it's
yours Picard and Picard was like no how
can I accept this Shh whatever anyhoo so
I didn't bother to take it with them and
they beams up but what he really leaved
the curling mascara just lying on the
ground amongst all the other junk what
about his little flute they played in
that one episode where he lived the
whole life as an old man he didn't
bother to fuck him find that I think
they found this prop and they said he's
got to pick up something and they done
they found the prop and they're like
let's use this what is it I don't know
if your card comes out the wrong door so
after their party for Worf on the
holodeck everyone comes out to the
bridge to check out what's going on that
the amorosa conservatory the crew comes
in from the right then they pan and
Picard comes in from the left made for a
nice shot but what they forgot to tell
the director was that that door in the
back at least to the conference room
sir I have completed level 1 computer
Diagnostics
there's no turbolift back there and
there never was maybe if a car was
sitting in a conference room by himself
just thinking about things maybe he was
expecting everybody to meet him there
but there was a little embarrassed when
they didn't so he comes out pretending
like you know he was all business I do
know that around the corner to the left
they got a little bathroom it's only on
the blueprints
so maybe Picard was making a Captain's
Log but seriously folks there are three
turbolifts on the bridge of the
enterprise there's the normal one in the
back of the houses
there's one next to Picard's ready room
then there's another one on the left
they never used that one though it's
like emergency one I think it goes
straight to the battle bridge
so why is Picard come out of the door of
the conference room I hate this oh
there's another shot they took from Star
Trek six two right here yes and they
also use this prop they do that a lot um
it is revolting there's emotion strip
subplot a subplot generally ties into a
movie somehow
however after examining generations with
a team of scientists the only purpose we
could uncover for datas emotions chips
subplot was that so it could be parallel
to Picard and Picard's challenge of
doing Star Trek stuff while dealing with
some pretty heavy emotions part of
having feelings he's learning to
integrate them into your life data sir I
no longer want these emotions Dana had
no real reason to put in the emotions
chip he never really used the emotions
at the end of the movie to figure
something out or do some key plot thing
or something like that really didn't
have any kind of point yes he just
played a song on the computer you tiny
knife and he swore I think the real
reason for the subplot was because it
was a feature-length movie and brent
Spiner wanted to do some real acting
and they needed some kind of comic
relief I guess to me data's always best
when he's data not some kind of asshole
clown I'm looking forward to it yeah I
hope it's gonna be a great great movie
