Jun 10, 2009
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Insurrection Review
Part I: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlV3bsafkq0
Part II: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yr4RHI01t38
Part III: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zVeXdhADrmI
Part IV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmUzoIENIXc
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-insurrection-review
11:02am: "Just noticed RedLetterMedia has a new Star Trek review up! This time, it's Insurrection's turn" (archive.vn/UKIsc)

[Part I]
star trek insurrection sucks my balls
Scott cheap styrofoam sets lame
production values and a budget smaller
than an episode of Alf but to be fair
it's not all terrible it is the only
movie of the franchise where Picard
isn't angry tired depressed or crying
and frak you could say that it's the
closest they ever got to capturing the
tone of the TV show on the big screen
but it was really more like a good
two-parter episode thing but that was
the problem because this is a movie now
first contact while it had a shitty
script
yeah good state of the art visual
effects that still look good today
insurrection special effects look on par
with Babylon 5 or a sci-fi Channel
original movie they also got the worst
costume designer in the quadrant a no
one went in an Oscar for the JC Penney
spring fashion look earthtones people
everyone wears earthtones
browns and beige and mother-of-pearl and
Browns and beiges and dark Browns and
light browns and browns and beige Browns
and beiges and dark Browns and light
Browns and browns and beige everyone's
gonna be wearing earth tones cuz they
live on a planet but anyway I mean the
movies okay but I don't know some felt
like they took a big step backwards
after first contact like they had this
movie already made it was in brick
Berman's closet he said hey let's
release this is the next movie why not
Jesus I spent more on my hair plugs than
they do on this movie
so let's brigant our number 1 nothing
makes sense about the plot again I'm
getting a little tired of these fucking
Star Trek movies not making any sense or
having the plots revolve around
convenience only they're for setting up
the plot and I'm thinking that we're too
stupid to notice this shit of the future
films that we've done
Star Trek insurrection undoubtedly is
the biggest let's talk about the set up
of this movie first of all why is data
part of the team observing some podunk
colony of people somewhere data is the
second officer and the operations guy on
the Federation flagship which has
apparently bogged down with so much shit
to do that they don't know where to
start I guess have arrived they need
this to mediate some territorial dispute
oh no ok so they need us to put out one
more brush fire we can't delay the
archeological expedition to the north
but instead he's quote on assignment now
this team of people and invisible
costumes are there to do what exactly
study the Baku right they didn't have
data there so we could use his technical
abilities to help them design and build
the hollow ship because that was a
secret and that's why I freaked out
because he started to figure out the
secret and then the guy shot him Dinah's
fail-safe brain mechanism made him go
run around like a crazy man to me data
is the last person you want anywhere
near a primitive society every single
time he's been involved in a mission
like this one it's always ended in some
kind of horrible disaster
what's wrong with you
radioactive what does that mean
that was the stun setting this is not I
only wish to help this is how you helped
us by bringing this plague I can reduce
this pumping station to a pile of debris
trying to kill us all
in human parlance I do not believe I can
get the job done my training has
prepared me for starship command duties
as a cultural contact I'm proving to be
less than exemplary so why would
Starfleet send an Android who still
doesn't really understand emotions or
culture to walk around and help study a
bunch of throwbacks making dough and
herding goats his emotion chip he didn't
take it with him so what function does
he serve there other than to
conveniently discover the plot that
would have gone on without a hitch if
they didn't have them there at all next
time
leave your Android home exactly number
two
block convenience equals movie sucks so
they try to shoot data's head off when
goes nuts
he eventually shoots a laser gun at the
secret observing base which is
conveniently located on a cliff with in
plain view of the Baku village so they
all could see it let's think about this
for just one moment why didn't they
locate this facility like 10 miles away
in the middle of nowhere in case they
had some kind of problem with the cloak
which is something that has actually
happened before they got sophisticated
cameras and monitoring equipment in the
future they really didn't need to have a
physical window to look out of did they
so this happened of course before in the
episode called who watches the Watchers
and that all made a lot more sense on
how they went about the whole spying
thing by the way this random episode of
the next generation is actually better
than all four movies combined so how did
they get that little base there anyway
according to Celine Dion the back who
have been there for 309 years you'd
think they would have noticed if the
rock face in their village was suddenly
changed well maybe they beamed up the
rocks beamed down the base in the middle
of the night and then projected a
holographic rocks on top of the base
that looked like the rocks of that beam
number three Picard's double-standard a
few years back TV show Picard
we'll call him Larry faced a similar
situation where he was forced by Admiral
bitch äôve to remove a bunch Indians
from a planet they gave to the
Cardassians on a treaty thing
what are these Indians refused to be
evacuated then your orders will be to
remove them by whatever means are
necessary so you got non-indigenous
groups of settlers and their presence on
the planet is the root of a problem so
Picard does his best to do the diplomacy
thing but after a while he's like I just
move the people or they're going to get
killed
move them by force if you need to Worf
it may be necessary to remove these
people by force but this time Wesley
Crusher tries to do his own insurrection
thing they're preparing to beam you away
and take you to their ship you're not
gonna let them do that are you
no and it gets shot down by Picard
inexcusable who defied the orders of the
ranking officer on the scene I'm about
to commit a direct violation of our
orders you put the lives of the entire
away team in jeopardy
take honor
and you made an already tense situation
worse what you're doing down there is
wrong frankly right now I don't care
these people are not some random group
of colonists they're a unique culture
with a history that predates the
Federation and Starfleet that does not
alter the fact that my orders I know
Admiral Nechayev gave you an order I'm
ordering you to the Goron system and she
was given an order from the Federation
Council I'm acting on orders from the
Federation Council but it's still wrong
that decision is not yours to make I
won't let you move the magnet but I will
tell you this while you wear that
uniform you will obey every order you
are given I'm also ordering the release
of the SONA officers and you will
conform to Starfleet regulations and
rules of conduct is that clear even when
the end result is providing billions of
people with life-saving radiation will
be able to use the regenerative
properties of this radiation to help
billions and needs of the many outweigh
it needs is a few in this new situation
without the Indians he now suddenly
wants to defy his orders and risk
everything to save white people III mean
save people he's grown attached to
I doubt Picard would have an
insurrection for this guy her TV show
Picard would have tried to convince the
Baku to leave I might have even called
him selfish pricks for hogging all the
radiation for themselves but there are
times when the greater good demands that
sittin
sacrifices are made the Indians actually
had more rights than the backu because
there were Federation citizens but what
the Indians didn't have is a mill that
wanted to sit on Picard's face and cock
tease them the whole time that I have
318 days of shore leave coming and but
hey at least he's going to get some on
shore leave I can teach that'll be the
next movie we'll call it Star Trek his
erection continued in part 2

[Part II]
part two number four Eureka I don't get
it to make this dumb movie look like it
is some kind of mystery plot we're
forced to sit through a sequence that
makes no sense on so many levels I don't
even know where to start so I'm just
gonna dive right in uh uh uh maybe I
should have drowned my wife I'd still
have my caddy
maybe I'll drown my new wife Bambi she
gets on my fucking nerves and starts
asking about my life insurance policy
again anyway so on the day of lightning
which was last Thursday I think Dana
must have been about to discover the
location of the hollow ship which was
hidden in a lake to prevent someone from
finding it even though they find it
without any problem when they don't even
know what they're looking for then even
though the back who claimed to have
rejected all technology we believe that
when you create a machines do the work
of the man he takes something away
they've built a complex machine they
used to drain the lake for no other
reason other than to discover a hidden
hollow ship so I've really drain out the
water we see how large this auto ship is
and where the water line would have been
in order to have the ship underwater
meaning that the dock that they are now
standing on after the draining either
was underwater all this time or the Baku
had built a dock under the water
if the hollow ship didn't displace any
water and was still submerged and
draining the lake to the point to reveal
the hollow ship would have left the dock
hanging off the edge of a cliff or well
above the waterline which isn't what
happens in the movie in the movie the
dock is still on the water and the
hollow ship towers above them which
means that the dock must have been under
the water like the back who built the
dock underwater or it was submerged
which means the dock would either be wet
covered in seaweed or something and if
that were the case the backhoe would
have noticed that the water was much
higher than it used to be so basically
none of this makes sense but what really
doesn't make
sense is why don't they just put the
hollow ship like 500 miles away on
another continent or in fucking orbit
this ship is equipped with 14 long-range
transporters they were planning to
transport the people under the ship
anyway so why hide it in a lake other
than to have Picard and data discover it
to create the illusion that this movie
is some kind of interesting mystery plot
some are also please tell me the logic
of having to hide something that's
invisible
so then Picard and data--and wherever
her name is take a rowboat out to the
hollow ship and then I climb up a set of
invisible stairs to get on board the
ship and look around climb on board with
ease but in the next scene that girl
falls 50 feet out the same entrance
hatch and then they decloak the ship to
reveal that there were no stairs there
and they really couldn't have climbed up
with these I'll fuck did they got up
there nothing makes sense even my life
amber for hollow ship or hollow plot now
our ship itself don't make much sense in
fact the entire reason behind it is
self-defeating and stupid you see there
would be no movie if Adam old man had
said attention Baku this is a federation
planet the Federation Council has said
they wants you out of here we'll take
you to a new planet or you can choose to
stay here but we're doing something that
will kill you if you do please do not
resist us thank you you have any further
questions please go to
www.campinginstlouis.com you can put in
eventually they'll realize so we're not
going to Disneyland when we get there
and the only Mickey they're going to
meet is a black nurse who's going to
shove a tube up my dick my point is why
bother to create this elaborate
deception for the Baku they're just
going to find out eventually sure a
hollow ship might trick them for a day
- but when they find that they can't eat
food made of light and force fields and
their piss and shit is sliding around
the floor they might be on to us they're
certainly going to think something's
wrong when they woke up on a new planet
you go to sleep one night in the village
wake up the next morning on this flying
holiday also the notion that the entire
Baku village all sleeps at the same time
like a children's storybook it's pretty
stupid there's always going to be that
one couple that's up at 3:00 a.m.
arguing about who drank the last cannon
Milwaukee's best look just relocate the
fucking people okay it's what we did
with the Indians on earth and look how
that turned out we have so many
wonderful casinos that's where I'm up
Bambi a new wife she's 19 and she's on
drugs
number five more convenience a 24-hour
Walgreens
either Picard knows his crew really well
or they know him really well either case
in this scene so many assumptions are
made that everything fits neatly
together for the next scene first off a
card room at this point thinks he's
acting alone heads down to the storage
room to load up on guns and weapons to
bring with them to a planet of pacifists
that hate weapons the moment we pick up
a weapon we become one of them we lose
everything we are so why exactly was
Picard traveling with seven metric tons
of ultra diem explosives eight jet round
pulse launchers and ten ISIL magnetic
disintegrators he ran at the end of the
film during all the action we don't even
see one able-bodied male picking up a
gun to help defend the people then the
crew come down and they all seem to know
or assume ahead of time which ones are
going with and who's staying on the ship
maybe they read the script in advance
Riker and Geordi understand on the ship
so they're wearing their uniforms
everybody else is dressed in the back of
JC Penney fashion of course all this was
done at a time without Picard knowing so
what if Picard says hey dr. crusher you
stay behind Geordi I want you coming
down to the planet down what then I both
have to go back to their quarters and
change that would have been awkward
I feel obliged to point out that the
environmental anomalies may have
stimulated certain rebellious instincts
common to youth which could affect
everyone's judgement except mine of
course data please respond number six
back who birth control purl I'll pull
out the back who like tobacco this is
obvious based on how Octomom wants to
rubber twins on both of Picard's heads
it's been three hundred years since I've
seen a bald man they seem like a normal
group of folks now while yes they're
technically aliens they appear to be
very similar to humans in a lot of
respects
when picard meets that little stupid kid
he says I suppose you're 75 no I'm 12 so
the kid was born 12 years ago a and by
year I assume they mean earth year now
I've examined this film with a team of
perverts we've discovered that there are
about 30 or so random kids in that age
range running around the Bracco village
meaning that 30 or so couples had
children roughly 10 to 12 years ago so
in order for the current number of backu
to be 600 that small group that that guy
referred to a small group of us set off
shut up I'm talking well they would have
been like 20 people or 10 couples having
only one or two children every 10 years
or so so not accounting for the issue of
generational inbreeding but the other
problem is that most couples back
through more than one time every ten
years and these people don't age they
stay in sexual maturity for hundreds of
years this observation is based on the
fact that a 300 year old woman wants to
access Picard's manual steering column
so the back who don't become old folks
like me aware diapers I mean just old
folks like me and statistically it's
true that people that live in rural
areas have more children than those that
don't farm living is slow dull and when
it ain't harvest season there's little
to do other than back cooing Bambi and I
back hood in the bathroom at the casino
but she kept asking me if I had any
pills she could score
she's such a wonderful lady on the TV
show a colony ship crashed into a
planner in just 90 years their
population grew to fifteen thousand two
hundred fifty three sir fifteen thousand
so after three hundred and nine years by
my calculations the Baku should have a
population of roughly three million
seven hundred and forty five thousand
nine hundred and sixteen people this is
based on an exponentially driven
population multiplication effect further
multiplied by a species that does not
age lives in a rural area and does not
have access to modern date birth control
or prophylactic
continued in part three

[Part III]
part three number seven strange
bedfellows the main villain and
insurrections a guy named raffle who's
played by Candice Bergman a waffle and
the rest of the SONA well they used to
be back ooh a century ago a group of our
young people wanted up I'm talking but
my real question is where is the Admiral
ship that's our ship that's your ship
that's the ship that all the Federation
people came on a little shuttle pebbles
always travel round in style on big
Federation ships the very least in
Excelsior class but this situation
requires even more attention because
we're dealing with a truly priceless
advancement in technology and we're also
working with a really sketchy alien race
that look like monsters and they got
five huge powerful warships what's to
stop them from just killing all the
Federation people taking the goods and
leaving a couple of ships on our side
would strengthen our hand a little in
preventing that but a starship or two
there would mess up the plot does anyone
even think about the details of the
movie before they make it I honestly
don't think that anybody really cared
about what movie they were making at all
I think they're all just glad to be
working glad to be working just glad to
be working glad to be working just glad
to be working really just glad to be
working glad to still be working glad to
be working glad to not be dead really
glad to be working number eight things
continue to keep not making sense
why is Geordi at the Conn station
shouldn't he be at the engineering
station or an engineering fuck you
that's late supper card and warfare on a
shuttle and Picard tries to make a
connection with data by singing a play
they were rehearsing earlier now he's on
some random shuttlecraft and by pressing
just two buttons he's able to bring up
the play HMS pinafore how does a two
button command
bring up such a specific thing on a
computer screen now in normal operations
when doing a pretty basic task it seems
like they always press a million buttons
even when nothing is going on they're
pressing buttons so how was the reunion
well pressing two buttons brings up an
obscure play even pressing two buttons
on the SONA ship secures the bridge
secure the bridge good thing he didn't
hit the wrong second button he could
have brought up a sing-along play so the
first time we see that guy he's wearing
that outfit that night he's still
wearing that outfit and then the
following day he's still wearing that
outfit hey asshole got some new clothes
back to one Wharf and Picardo flying on
the sky somehow damage to the shuttle
causes a nozzle to turn on in the
background and begin spraying out a
benign white smoke into the cabin like
they were on the set of a cheap science
fiction movie work then goes to the back
of the cabin to press a button to shut
off the nozzle soon after he gets back
the shuttle starts spinning round and
round but for some reason they don't fly
out of their seats and get thrown about
all over the cabin even though they're
not wearing seat belts what's holding
them there centrifugal force well
they're not spinning fast enough some
kind of gravity thing or inertial
dampeners wrong because people fly out
of the chairs all the time in Star Trek
so why aren't they bouncing around the
cabin breaking all their bones and
suffering horrible injuries alway
because it's not part of the law so that
back oof it admits to trying to fix data
there was a phase variance in his
positronic matrix which we were unable
to repair but with what tools I thought
they were ejected technology or do they
have some kind of secret area filled
with technological equipment they need
when they're dumb Amish philosophy fails
them in this next scene when there's an
explosion some stuntmen are pulled off a
bridge at the same time by invisible
cables now this has never explained any
time during the film why was this cable
system in place and more importantly why
were some stuntmen there disguised his
back
and why were they practicing this movie
stunt during a town emergency they
should have been helping people escape
and not rehearsing for their gig at
Universal Studios at night on the
backhoe planet things look so scenic and
well lit but we don't see any artificial
lights on the home and I didn't see a
moon anywhere so where's all that light
coming from even if there was a moon and
a Sun just like Earth how is it shining
and reflecting earth like lighting
conditions when there's all that fucking
red gas everywhere it's because they
just filmed in California and didn't
bother with making this planet look
truly alien fuck you Rick Berman
fuck you you lazy ass motherfucker have
you ever experienced a perfect moment in
time perfect moment one time seemed to
stop then you could almost live in that
moment seeing my home planet from space
continued in part four

[Part IV]
part four number nine symphony of stupid
ants erection is a symphony of stupid
it's like Beethoven's Symphony number 5
but for below-average hollywood act job
filmmakers and producers the day of
reckoning is here I'm like Sinead
O'Connor and you're like a picture of
the Pope prepare to get torn up so if
Picard is entire senior staff are
rebelling and Riker is technically
disobeying orders no uniform no orders
open hailing frequencies stand ready to
initiate transporter code 14 at my
signal you have your orders commander
and I expect you to follow them captain
now that I look at another sunrise no
shut up I'm talking and also commanding
the enterprise while disobeying orders
then why not use the resources of the
enterprise to move the Baku quickly they
could bring all 600 people from the town
to right outside of the caves using all
the transporters in like 23 seconds then
I could have them all hide in the caves
and the enterprise could hightail it out
of the briar patch are at the very
fucking least if you're taking down the
captain's yacht and use that ship to
help on the surface while you're
evacuating people data can fly it around
extend the shields use it to shoot
tachyon things around to interfere with
their transporters he can fire at the
isolinear tagged drones and so on
couldn't hurt
on that note where did they leave the
captain's yacht was a back in town does
that mean data ran all the way back to
town to get it in order to take it up
into space what person aboard at the
Android
he's now threatened um her love goal
remember in the beginning of the movie
asleep any droid is to in dangerously
violent captain the Android has been
nothing but the biggest problem to you
ever
must be destroyed he's no threat also
how and when did the hollow ship end up
in space so that instead of some time
wasting complex plan involving tricking
rofl into thinking he was on his own
bridge deploying the collector why
didn't data just blow up the collector
he had access to a ship so why not fly
it around to the other side of the
planet approached a collector from
behind and blammo follows all so chef
boyardee realizes she's been duped by
per card then he figures out a way to
beam over to a collector and so does
Picard
but neither beam over with some of their
homies is back up roof allows goal is to
turn on the collector manually the cards
goal is to activate the collectors
self-destruct is their self-destruct
it's but without the codes it would have
to be activated at the upper control
Nate ryx on the collective now this all
ends up being very helpful to Picard but
why did the SONA design the collector
with the self-destruct on it in the
first place I'm going to see a starship
needing a self-destruct function for a
whole mess of reasons
but this collector is there very complex
piece of technology that they built to
help ensure the preservation of their
race at the very least it should have
extra shielding and a ton of failsafe
systems to prevent anything from
damaging it does the Hubble Space
Telescope of a self destruct honor
what about Fermilab or Bambi's 97 Ford
Escort does everything and Star Trek
have a self-destruct on it so Picard
enroll fight each other on a set with
the blue screen background that didn't
quite work out so they just left it
Picard and river trade action movie
cliches waffle we're getting too old for
this times up and rebel doesn't shoot
Picard in the back when he has the
chance to even though he had no problems
with killing Admiral Dougherty a few
hours earlier I no doubt he will not be
joining us for dinner and no roofer
didn't know that he could ignite the gas
that's why I didn't fire because I'm
Picard tells I'm Akana makes us oh oh
shit you're right kind of face
so Riker finally gets back from the
battle and from sending a message to
Starfleet he arrives just in the nick of
time from what was before a 2-day long
trip to the edge of the briar patch
still 36 minutes from transmission range
sir but now he's back and flying into a
whole new situation there used their
scanners and see that Worf is on the
Soner ship with the backroom sensors are
reading over 100
on board and one Klingon so I guess
these weird aliens are also back ooh ha
hey check your sensors honey-pie
or maybe I could check your sensors for
you
that's right hey baby
looks like you're a true maybe I could
put my worm inside you ha ha wait a
minute maybe she just didn't mention the
moogle or or the wot new or the plug no
see it cuz she didn't think it was
pertinent information what are the
things that you're keeping from me are
you lying to me
this relationship is over but anyways
you see that all I even talk with Worf
until after the collector blows up sir
rooo off of ship is hailing us on screen
captain the SONA crew would like to
negotiate a ceasefire so Riker doesn't
really know what's going on he does know
Picard is on the collector may need a
lift in a minute or so we're on our way
and according to dr. crusher a scan of a
Sona comes back as a Baku as so it
should and they've shown that they could
scan and pick up Baku life signs on the
ship
sensors are reading over 100 Baku on
board wouldn't they have shown that
Picard and a Baku or on the collector
then plus Riker didn't know that the
Baku and the SONA are the same race that
was revealed when he was gone
sewn on the back over the same race so
when the collector is blowing up the
enterprise beams up only Picard and
leaves the roof Laurel to die for now
this is an early Starfleet's way if
anything Star Trek was always about
doing what's right no I won't kill you
even offering a hand to your enemy and
they've done nothing but try to kill you
give your hand but now I guess this is
action slaw and it's okay to let the bad
guy die horribly the scary part is is
that Ryker wasn't exactly 100% sure what
was happening over there it could have
been entirely possible the rueful
realized the error of his ways and
decided to help Picard shut down the
collector maybe Picard made some kind of
tear-jerking speech too awful about how
the back who are really his family and
then maybe ro offal changed his mind or
it could have been just some Baku guy
helping Picard point as Riker didn't
know for sure cuz he hadn't yet got the
story from Worf heck rofl could have
even had a change of heart while on the
collector things could have easily gone
like this just in the nick of time like
always number one
where's Rafa where's Rafa
oh we just beamed you up what do you
mean well we just beamed you up sir you
left him on the collector well we
thought you were doing the you know the
end of the action movie thing with the
bad guy you know where you fight on the
top of an exploding building and say
cliche lines like we're getting too old
for this oh no it wasn't like that at
all
Rafa was helping me shut down the
collector he was looking forward to
rejoining the Baku and seeing his dear
mother again I did the whole convincing
speech thing oh well this is awkward
oh don't worry about it number one I
know what will make it all better pizza
rolls
a malware flaw pre-civil most Akama on
this webpage or if you want a preacher
and all such a whiner in the marrow
yay he finally changed his fucking
outfit
