May 6, 2009
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek First Contact Review
Part I: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R7Lr8cdZwHQ
Part II: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d-f3bscZa0E
Part III: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz1PBiq-2OE
Part IV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbQ4keKFZIY
Blip: http://archive.is/jwbwb
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-first-contact-review

[Part I]
Star Trek first contact is the three
thousand nine hundred and sixty seventh
worst film ever made by no stretch of
the imagination is that anywhere near as
bad as generations which ranks in at
number one with baby geniuses in a close
second now you ask yourself how I mean
it can't be that bad it's got action
it's got the board
it's got splosions and they even walk
around on the outside of the ship and
Worf cuts a Borges arm off with the
sword
what's also awesome is that it doesn't
have a cartoon chipmunk or a little kid
but I'll tell you why I hate it because
it's a dumb down dumb action movie and
it lacks a really good complicated story
like a lot of the TNG episodes had heck
I would have taken any two-parter TNG
episode over this piece of shit but
basically what I'm trying to say is that
it's like a less than stellar board
movie I mean you can't ever outdo the
best of both worlds now that would have
made for an epic fucking movie because I
see well you see the thing is they
couldn't have done the same kind of
story in the best of both worlds because
everyone would have just compared it to
that like the Borg invading the
Federation kind of thing but that's the
exciting stuff so instead they had to do
this like weird time-travel plot but
they still wanted to have seen where the
Borg invade Earth so they put that in
the beginning even though it made no
sense I'll explain later
oh wait I'll explain now number one the
entire plot doesn't make any sense
time travel plots are hard to do I wish
I could travel back in time and plot my
wife's death differently maybe in a way
that didn't destroy my catalog
but this movie ain't no exception I
would think that if the Borg had some
kind of magical device that could open a
time travel portal that would be like
the most devastating thing ever
but I guess the Borg ain't too smart
because they really blew their one
chance with that awesome advantage so
the big plot hole here is why the Borg
have to fight their way to earth in
order to open the time portal there why
don't they just go in some remote part
of the galaxy open the time portal there
and then go to earth in the past when
there wasn't a gigantic fleet of
starships waiting to fire phasers out
then they could have just went right up
to earth completely unopposed I don't
think the international space station
would have been up for the challenge in
fact if the ultimate goal was just to
turn earth into Borg's like a new method
of assimilation exactly earth in the
past to assimilate the future that's
what they came here to do stop first
contact attack the earth in the past to
assimilate the future that's what they
came here to do stop for his contact why
don't they just go back to like 1950 or
something why did they want to blow up
the Phoenix ship I mean it's not like
they were just trying to prevent
Starfleet from forming they were doing
this new method of assimilation right so
what was their goal was the whole
time-travel plot really just so that the
Queen could get data as her mate or was
she just bored and thought that up in
the meantime was she looking for a mate
from the beginning or did she just see
the opportunity while they were working
on the whole assimilate Earth's past
thing is she a multitasker I know she's
a multi-dimensional Tasker you think in
such 3-dimensional terms I understand
number two why is Picard uninvited to
the Borg battle suddenly years after
dealing with the Borg on multiple
occasions without any notable incidents
that might question Picard's judgment
he's inexplicably banned from joining
the other ships firing phasers at the
Borg cube let's just say that Starfleet
has every confidence in the enterprise
and a crew they're just not sure about
her captain
they believe that a man who was once
captured and assimilated by the Borg
should not be put in a situation where
he would face them again you'll take
command of Task Force 3 consisting of
the enterprise the Crazy Horse in the
Agamemnon understood even that bitch
Admiral Nechayev or she trusted Picard
enough to lead a task force that was
fighting the Borg that were attacking
colonies to do so would introduce an
unstable element to a critical situation
however this unstable element well he
know exactly where to shoot phasers at
to blow the Borg ship up target all of
your weapons on to the following
coordinates
maybe should have told them that before
the battle started he could have saved
like tens of thousands of lives okay
everybody everybody all fire in the same
spot that's the trick don't shoot it all
over the place a fire in the same spot
number three Deep Space nine sends the B
team to defend Earth so that the fiant
was actually designed to fight off Borg
attacks that was its primary function it
was designed for one purpose only to
fight and defeat the Borg the Defiant
was the prototype the first ship in what
would have been a new Federation battle
fleet so when the moment finally comes
to fight off a fucking Borg invasion the
Defiant shows up with nothing less than
the B team it's just Worf in command
with a handful of rookies and that guy
who is that guy
no Sisko no Bashir no Kira no tax no odo
not even Miles O'Brien arrest they're
all hard borrow things to do like play
darts play baseball sit around in
bathing suits hang themselves from
balcony number four the Defiant gets
special preference so the enterprise
arrives at the battle and with hundreds
of ships exploding all around them for
some reason they single out the Defiant
but finds losing life support Bridge to
transporter room three beating the
Defiant survivors aboard now they even
do that without lowering their shields
on your neck and neck with the board q
you don't turn your shields off what
Picard really risked the safety of the
entire enterprise crew to beam up Worf
number five sloppy writing and vague
assumptions so Picard is now able to
hear the Borges talking and sorry's
Bryan I can
so he has an instinct where to tell the
fleet to fire all their weapons our
target all of your weapons on to the
following coordinates so they all do
listen shoot balls up the wharf comes up
to the bridge to say hi Oh everyone's
helper to see him
Riker even has time for a quick joke you
do remember how to fire phasers that
Worf asks about his ship the Defiant
adrift but salvageable
how does Picard magically know the
status of the Defiant I didn't see him
look at a control panel or even ask
anybody in fact the Defiant was actually
right next to the Borg cube when it
exploded so how does Picard know it's
adrift and even salvageable was he just
saying that's a Worf felt better
and why would Worf even care about a
ship moments earlier he was prepared to
fucking Ram the thing into the Borg cube
killing himself and everyone else aboard
prepare for running speed but now all
the sudden he's like the Defiant you
mean the ship you're just planning to
ram into the board cube and blow up yeah
it's fine it's salvageable six Picard
tells the computer to make them close
before getting into the turbolift Picard
barks out an order at the computer which
lacks many pieces of important
information computer mid 21st century
civilian clothing number one you have
the bridge if I were the computer I'd be
like what close who who said that where
do you want it out I can replicate y'all
some clothes but where you gonna pick it
up at what size are you for how many
people will do you need shoes - who said
that number seven violating the temporal
prime directive so if you're trying to
preserve a timeline
even taking the effort to wear period
clothing then why would you bring along
data on the initial survey data is an
albino man made a plastic that sticks
out like a sore thumb and then why would
he jump down a hundred feet in front of
some black woman
Shingen and allow himself to get shot
right in front of her greetings if she
had a phaser he wouldn't have done that
he would have done the whole Duck and
Cover thing because the phaser would
have knocked him on his ass right are
you alright
the arrow impacted just above my sixth
intercostal support penetrating my
secondary subprocessor fortunately none
of my bio functions seem affected I
guess a machine gun has no effect on a
cybernetic life-form then how I get does

[Part II]
part two number eight more blatant
timeline altering violation so even
though the Phoenix shows no signs of
damage
I guess it's damaged Picard tells
Dougherty to bring down the entire
engineering staff again they all take
the effort of wearing period clothing
but they tell everyone about the future
it is one of the pivotal moments in
human history doc poverty disease war
they'll all be gone within the next 50
years I've never seen that kind of
technology that's because it hasn't been
invented is what we all grew up hearing
about what you did here do you get to
make first contact with an alien race
because at 11 o'clock an alien ship will
begin passing through this solar system
and somehow Troy is now qualified to be
the Mission Control operator final
launch sequence checks are complete
everyone's probably like who's this
chick what happened is that from cock
rings original co-pilots get both of
them ty I mean it looks like he'd built
the ship with three seats so when
history asks who are your Co pilots
what were their names where are they is
he gonna lie don't when they ask to talk
to the copilot's where it was gonna show
them these guys over here these guys in
the bar yeah just don't ask some any
specific questions okay start building
statue
I guess the Borg attack must have killed
everyone involved in the Phoenix project
except for conquering and Lily so if
you're one of the people that survived
he'd be like who are all these weird
people all of a sudden helping us launch
the rocket up I'm gonna tell my
grandkids about this and they're gonna
tell our friends at school and it's
gonna fuck everything up number nine a
tale of two Picard's a problem with the
TNG movies and the soy in particular is
that there are two Picard's there's the
TV show Picard who's this enlightened
intellectual he only uses violence as a
last resort and he always follows his
conscience and a strict code of ethics I
don't have time for this I'm also bound
by my oath and my conscience to uphold
certain principles but then in the
movies the cards a crazed violent
psychopath
mr. Wolfman destroy that thing time's up
we're not hunters doctor nor is it our
role to exact revenge I will make them
pay for what they've done we programmed
the torpedoes mr. Worf let's hope we
don't have to use them mr. Worf quantum
torpedoes ready sir
fire have we become so fearful have we
become so cowardly that we must
extinguish a man because he carries the
blood of a current enemy you see on the
show Pro carded a chance to unleash a
deadly virus into the Borg wiping them
out once and for all but he tuned you
realized that the Borg's were a species
and they had a right to exist just like
everybody else he knew better than to
commit genocide you found a single Borg
at a crash site brought it aboard the
enterprise studied it analyzed it and
eventually found a way to send it back
to the Borg with a program that would
have destroyed the entire collective
once and for all
but instead you nursed the Borg back to
health
treated it like a guest gave it a name
and then sent it home now keep in mind
this whole story came after Picard was
abducted by the pork's and they still
didn't wanna kill em all Hey what
they've done well there was a solar term
right where Picard was against killing
the crystalline entity a giant crystal
creature that basically ate life by the
planet load we can possibly avoid
fighting on it then I would hope aren't
you going to kill it
you think alike hey that's crazy this
thing's sucking life off of planets we
should just shoot it I would argue that
the crystalline entity has as much right
to be here as we do turn off what you'll
kill me you regarded this thing as a
life form that was just doing what it
was supposed to do so long as we are in
no danger I will make every effort to
communicate
what I don't deny that it may be
necessary to fire on it
I look on that as a last resort what
he's quick to react quick to do dumb
action things and he always violates
orders on a whim I'm about to commit a
direct violation of our orders I think
he does it in every movie in fact
Picard's orders get violated more often
than counselor troi it was a violation F
doesn't matter so long as you teach it
and there is a big difference between
data hannah tool
darah there is a big difference between
you and a virus
I guess Kirk established a precedent
that if you disobey orders and save
earth then schools or superiors don't
even applaud you but you better be sure
you save earth because if you don't then
you've got a court martial military
orders are flexible I guess again just
like counselor troi you're unusually
limber this morning she certainly is
limber oh that's right honey pie worked
at business but one thing military
orders aren't is still sexy after 45
number 10 Borg and doors
the Borg seemingly had no problem
beaming over to the enterprise during
the split second when the shields were
down and transforming half the ship into
Borg stuff by making materials out of
thin air but the Borg seemed to have a
problem just opening doors now in this
scene the Borg bang on the doors to
sickbay
dr. crusher must have had the doors
locked
I guess but anyway so it takes the Borg
30 minutes to pound through the door
wouldn't it just have open when they
walked up to it however in another scene
when Picard intentionally locks the door
to slow them down a little
the Borg figure out how to open it
pretty fast by sticking their fingers in
the crack they skipped the whole
pounding on it with the fist stage I
guess they adapted right so the Borg are
both technically advanced
bernetta creatures - probably could
overridden the door controls really
easily but at the same time they're also
mindless Frankenstein like zombies I
guess they're whatever the plot needs
and number 11 quick one-line cover-ups
there's a lot of moments in this movie
where major flaws are covered up by one
quick line of explanation
the moon's gravitation will feel
obscured I warp signature the Vulcans
did not detect us so I would be like oh
okay
mmm-hmm but then you think about it for
a second and you'd be like huh
wait wait wait wait while I report the
moon's gravitation will feel obscured I
warp signature
the Vulcans did not detect us wait wait
the moon's gravitational field
well like projected all the way to earth
that disrupts the Vulcan sensors since
one that's of planets have moons so in
the Phoenix jump to warp speed that's
when the Vulcans scanned and detected
the Phoenix right so they probably would
have started heading over to earth at
that point running their little scanners
the whole time during that time was when
Picard and data were on the enterprise
trying to kill the Borg Queen and all
sorts of crazy shit was going on gasps
Borges
so what they didn't detect the
enterprise floating around up there
because of the moon's gravitational
field like what causes tides but what
about all those escape pods that were on
earth at some point you had to go and
retrieve all of them put them back on
the ship before you left right so the
Vulcans didn't notice any of that shit
going on the moon's gravitation will
feel obscured a warp signature
now whatever super card quickly rules
out the idea of getting on a
shuttlecraft to help clean the Borg off
to deflector dish the core sucked them
off with tractor beams something we
can't get to deflector control all the
shuttlecraft burn the previous scene the
other dude said it looks like the
control decks 26 up to 11 but when they
took deck 11 a they just stopped
you said the Borg stopped on deck 11
what is on deck 11
hydroponics still a cartography
deflector control no vital system they
would not have stopped there unless I
gave them a tactical advantage they were
doing their thing to set the deflector
to shop so the Empire going I were
further up the ship and so that's on
Picard's like we can't get to deflector
control all the shuttlecraft but the
main shuttle bay looks like it's on the
top of the ship from the best I can tell
doing my own research
it looks like it's around ducks 5 & 6 so
how come they can't get to a
shuttlecraft well if we set our phasers
to full power we know there's a risk
that we hit the dish is charged with
antiprotons we could destroy half the
ship ah no there's a risk that we hit
the dish is charged with antiprotons we
could destroy half the ship captain I've
reconfigured our warp field to match the
chronometric readings of the Borg sphere
recreate the vortex come on now whatever

[Part III]
part three four cards lack of concern
for his crew members keeping with the
subject to Picard being a complete
asshole in the movies I would always
think twice before serving under him on
the show you got a pretty good chance of
living sure you might get stuck in the
floor or maybe get shot in the belly you
could get killed by Nagila or you could
get killed by a tar monster
but in most situations Picard was highly
upset at the loss of even a single crew
member
as any normal captain would be we will
fight you in the movies he's reckless to
a level of being completely out of
character and most half of his crew die
and every movie let's take a look on
first contact here Picard says they
encounter Enterprise crew members who've
already been assimilated don't hesitate
to fire believe me you'll be doing in a
favor um okay
was it Picard rescued from being a Borg
and then completely rehabilitated same
with that guy that called Hugh or what
about seven of nine or them little kid
Borges on Voyager or those three Borges
from seven of nines unitard or those
other porks at Chakotay farm so it's
pretty obvious so after you've been
assimilated you can still go back but
Picard actually kills some guy halfway
through being converted I mean give him
a chance
this was ensign Lynch see this ain't the
same Picard from the shop
so dump a car unveils his brilliant plan
which is more reckless than trying to
off your wife in a dangerous car action
not that I would do such a thing
so he tells us crew yeah I believe our
goal should be to punch her one of the
plasma coolant tanks plasma coolant will
liquefy organic material on contact um
sir excuse me I have some questions so
you don't want us to fire an engineering
to avoid hitting the warp core okay that
makes sense but you want us to shoot at
the smaller harder to hit part that's
right next to it the problem is if we
begin firing particle weapons in
engineering there's a risk that we may
hit the warp core I believe our goal
should be to puncture one of the plasma
coolant tanks Oh Oh puncture it okay but
it seems like it's highly pressurized oh
my god you have like a 30-foot long pole
I could borrow cuz I don't want to stand
right next to it I mean I don't want to
be the guy that's got a puncture it cuz
I'll probably get my flesh melt
I've Sanchez do it on McGillicuddy I'll
be I'll be in the back supervising
plasma coolant will liquefy organic
material on contact wait wait sir sir
another question why is this part of the
engine that contains the flesh melting
gas even puncture a bull shouldn't it be
made of like solid titanium why are
there clear windows on this tube what if
the new guy like accidentally hit it
with a forklift jesus H Christ the
holodeck scene doesn't make any sense to
add variety to the movie's visuals
regarding Lola going to the holodeck to
capture a thing inside a Borg Scott that
tells them what they're doing now in
past episodes it's been established that
if you want to play games on the
holodeck you get dressed up in a costume
before you go in happen more times than
I could remember but one Picard and Lily
go into the holodeck the computer puts
clothes on them I have something in
Saturn
I highly doubt the Picard of the suit
and a dress they're waiting for them and
I don't think they took
time to change so of holograph the
clothes are projected onto them
wouldn't it be on top of their regular
clothes but we see Lily's arm at City
cleavage is that holographically
projected cleavage but then their faces
are their own faces right so shouldn't
our bodies look like this they should
have little heads and big bodies unless
they have holographic faces on top of
their regular faces that somehow mimic
their face movement listen I'm going to
go heat up some pizza rolls designed by
want any email me if you want a pizza
roll most of comment on this website if
you want pizza roll and I'll send you
one in the mail it's our old pizza rolls
it beats a roll number 14 a room with a
view so when lily has a phaser pointed
EPPICard he leads her into a little room
somewhere on the ship now after careful
analysis of this scene by a team of
engineers we've concluded that this room
and this window served no particular
function please bear with me while I
elaborate number one the only way to
access this room is to crawl through a
small hole in the wall they enter the
room through a small hole in the wall
but yet went inside the room there's a
control panel and you can stand up so
maybe Picard letter there secretly
because they were already in the
Jefferies tube and he wanted to show her
outer space and prove they were aboard a
spaceship but then after they become
friends they go to leave through the
same hole in the wall why didn't they
leave through a normal door because they
were hiding from the Borg you say wrong
because in the very next scene they are
brazenly walking around the hallways
again so apparently the only way in and
out of this room is through a hole in
the wall sucks to be the guy assigned to
work in that room retches knees hurt
part two the window has no logical
function window makes no sense to me
apparently it has two states of
functionality closed with the blast door
down and open where it has a force field
on
fortunately if you really think about it
neither function makes sense or has any
use okay my nigs dig this if it were
just a window and its purpose was just
to look out of then it would be a solid
state transparent aluminum window I
would not feel comfortable working day
in and day out next to a force field
window there any moment the ship could
suffer a power failure from any number
of reasons the my ass gets sucked out
the space correction sir that's blown
out that is a highly highly illogical
method of having windows so now we've
established that either state of being
of this window makes no sense so maybe
it's a force field thing where they use
force fields for you ask well they've
got one in the brig which is obviously
meant to be turned on and off to let
prisoners in and out and then you also
got a cargo bay that's a gigantic force
field and obviously the function of that
is to let things in and out large things
ships cargo ships cargo it's not a
humongous window to simply look out of
so tell me in a tiny room in the bottom
of the ship that you can only access
through a hole in the wall with no other
machinery inside or functionality other
than one control panel that is there
just to open the blast door what is
going in and out of this room the hole
is too small for a cargo bay
what could even fit through that window
email marijuana Peter roll

[Part IV]
part four number 15 a bunch of random
shit that makes no sense
shouldn't Lily have known better than to
fire a machine gun right next to a
rocket filled with explosive fuel so the
Borg's goal was to assimilate the
enterprise and complete their mission
which was assimilating the entire earth
lower your weapons they'll ignore this
till they consider us a threat so why at
any point would there ever be a moment
where the Borg wouldn't consider a bunch
of humans with guns a threat or not try
to assimilate them in general my wife
ignored me because she never conserved
me a threat but that I put her through
the windshield of my cat so if these
people are still at war with other
factions and why the 50,000 watt
floodlights lighting up the campsite you
think you'd want to keep a low profile
at night what's the point of the Borg
trying to contact the Borg and the Delta
Quadrant they can get there for like 70
years why don't they just send a message
back through time and contact an earlier
generation of the pork and tell them to
go do all the hard work so that Worf
suddenly as a purple space bazooka he
fires it at a bunch of stunt men
I wanted them jumps after the explosion
he isn't really propelled by the actual
explosion but more so by himself jumping
oh wait this is the wrong movie so Jordi
has new eyeballs takes a second or two
to zoom all the way in on dr. Cochrane
and then BAM he looks right at rikers
face whoa
wouldn't he have gotten a bit
disoriented there you forgot to zoom his
eyes up so where did that bored Queen
come from was she on the sphere was it
just her top half on the sphere and the
Borg had to carry around until I found a
female body with titties that could wear
a fiver suit so they can start her from
scratch because I needed a Borg Queen
well maybe she popped in there from
another dimension just to see how things
are going if she did that why didn't she
then escape to another dimension instead
got her flush-mount girl so dr. crusher
basically had everyone inside the secret
escape hatch but instead of hauling ass
out of there she calls up the EMH to
help stall the Borg
however the time she took explaining to
him about how and why he needed to
create a diversion ended up being the
exact length of time as the diversion
itself thus eliminating the point of the
diversion please observe
break through that door according to
sponsored research division Borg
implants can cause skin irritation Octus
not a doorstop
perhaps for a doctor this pertain to
smart plus she left a little hatch open
key I wonder where everybody won so I'm
Worf suddenly has a purple space bazooka
oh wait everything that happens in the
end makes no sense
first Picard is ready to leave but
suddenly he forgot about data when he
hears him inside his brain Captain
Picard have been aware of the presence
of a Borg Queen at this point you're not
leaving are you so Picard doesn't know
there's a Borg Queen yet or it doesn't
even know what happened to data as far
as he knows at this point Dana could be
a full-fledged Borg Picard has no weapon
or anything like that he just walks into
the engineering section apparently
without any kind of plan okay so that he
meets the Borg Queen and then we get the
idea that she has no real plan either
neither does data data is just standing
there
data has no idea that Picard was just
about to walk right into the engine room
even if he did call to him as far as
data knows Picard could have been
assimilated by the Borg or Picard could
have died so all three characters are
thrust into a scene where none of them
have any plan to resolve the situation
so while the self-destruct is counting
down the Queen is hanging out behind a
wall and data is sleeping standing up I
guess it's a good thing Picard showed up
because the ship would have just blown
up them so to pass the time they all
decide to pointlessly fuck around with
each other
are you offering yourself to us
for myself the Queen reveals that
although she thinks the Borg are a
superior life-form she still needs a
flawed human someone to talk to someone
who's an individual who could be her
soulmate you wanted more than just
another ball drone you wanted a human
being with a mind of his own
who could bridge the gulf between
humanity and the Borg you wanted a
counterpart well no reason she tells
Picard that she wants him to be lacunae
Segen she doesn't really believe that
but that's what she tells him for no
reason we will add your distinctiveness
to her home welcome home no cutis
Burkhardt agrees to be Lapidus again in
order to save datas life that day to go
and I won't take my place at your side
so I suspect that he was fuckin with her
too but it turns out he wasn't he really
didn't have a plan
or a trick up his sleeve but the Borg
Queen turns out she's fuckin with him
because we soon realize that she's
really quite happy with data as her new
mate I do not wish to go as you can see
I have already found an equal okay
so why did we just go through that whole
song and dance about like you this then
why did you just make him into a drone
in the ten or so opportunities you had
already maybe she wanted to her Picard's
feelings maybe she was testing data
although it's clear at this point she
already trusts data
he will make an excellent drone and she
really didn't have a plan for Picard to
become her new mate now enter the
encryption College and give me computer
control so of course data really doesn't
have any intentions of being her board
mate he's really just fucking with her
too he's done this a lot of times before
pretend to be the bad guy and any winks
great or shits on needs the prisoner
so now data's fucking went to port Queen
all this is for no reason I guess he was
playing along all this time to gain her
trust done why is there a force field up
so then for the benefit of the script
date and needlessly draws out his
betrayal you see the innocent he was
able to go over and shut off the
self-destruct he could have ran over to
that green thing and smashed it open
since he was right by it anyways quantum
torpedoes a lot destroy them but for no
reason other than to create tension for
the audience he risks the future of
humanity by firing quantum torpedoes at
the Phoenix now he intentionally set
them to miss of course and I don't doubt
date his ability to calculate shit but
what if the Phoenix unexpectedly
decreased their speed or made a slight
course correction an awful big risk to
take firm let's see no reason
then the grain vampire gas floods the
engine room and the Queen has a moment
or two to think instead of making a
beeline for the doors to get the fuck
out of there she succumbs to pointless
emotional revenge and tries to pull the
car down with her bitch should have ran
outside locked the doors and regrouped
with some other Borges but instead she
tries to kill Picard for no reason so
let me clear out all the gas all the
board's elsewhere on the ship magically
die of lonely hearts and then Picard in
a true dumb action hero moment
needlessly breaks the Borg Queen spine
when she no longer posed a threat
probably would have been a good idea to
bring the Borg Queen back to the 24th
century and have Starfleet scientists
study it figure out how she could jump
from dimension to dimension Borg
weaknesses how they built a time travel
device what their next plans are over
this probably smarter just to break it
you know Picard sure said lights out
before he did it or resistance is futile
resistance is futile Oh a data said that
assimilate this they used all the good
ones
what could Picard have said hmm your
reign is over my queen attaboy son
email me if you wanna pizza roll
