Aug 13, 2009
Mr. Plinkett's Star Trek Nemesis Review
Part I: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ZjkHUrEuHc
Part II: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoWfTq8dYos
Part III: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5DT7sSp-3_I
Part IV:: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi5mj6-CUiY
https://www.redlettermedia.com/plinkett-reviews/mr-plinketts-star-trek-nemesis-review

[Part I]
Star Trek nemesis is the final nail in
the proverbial Space coffin no wait it
is a space coffin I'm not just speaking
metaphorically here because this whole
movie reminds me of death but Who am I
kidding what doesn't these days I will
point to the Star Trek franchise go
horribly wrong now I ain't saying no one
in particular is to blame Oh what
happened when did Star Trek go from
being a fun space adventure the whole
family could enjoy two violent dark
depressing horror movies can everything
on that ship now I ain't sayin all Star
Trek didn't have its dark elements prior
to this
but it was always done with a little bit
of class I never really affected the
whole overall movie I don't think I've
ever seen a movie like this with mind
rape child slave labor died getting
imperiled on a spike and I'm pulling it
through his own guts or f-fix scenes of
death close-ups of Marina Sirtis
disturbing diseases people getting
sucked out into space after the movie I
felt like going out coffin shopping do
you remember all good things
the final TNG episode what a fun
adventurous way to end such a great TV
show we see all the characters and
different time periods go back to the
beginnings see what happen to everybody
it was just great
all nemesis did was want to make me stop
taking my heart medicine so let's get
started talking about this movie number
one star trek 10 the wrath of shins on
so you have to be a total asshole not to
see the obvious parallels between emesis
and the Wrath of Khan and I'm not
mentioning this to say like they ripped
off that plot or anything but what they
did do was rip off that plot all it
really did was shine a giant spotlight
on how nemesis failed to reach that
level of quality I got a feeling on a
conversation like this took place hey we
should make another Star Trek The Next
Generation film before they get too old
one of them dies where people stop
caring right Ryan Marshall would go next
well we slapped together the first one
and it sucked let's not do that again
people like the Borg one right that was
dark and violent but then we slapped
together the next one and no one liked
that so we're sure my kernel or dark
from violent one that's right yeah we
can get the bus guys to work on it too
people no one ever heard of hey maybe we
can ripoff I mean pay homage to the
Wrath of Khan because I was popular one
we'll make it about Picard and data
again let's not take any risk hey
remember when they took a risk on a
weird plot about humpback whales and
traveling back in time wow that was a
disaster - let's make yet another movie
about revenge and a doomsday device and
violent space explosions because that'll
be a safe bet so let's do an analysis so
we have two of the sexual villains who
both spent a long period of time in an
undesirable place eventually they both
get their own ship a loyal crew and the
ability to escape and continue on with
their lives however they both give in to
their own crazy revenge mess around with
the captains of the enterprise
fuck themselves over in the most
horrible way eventually everyone ends up
in a space battle in a nebula where
communication is disrupted as is their
ability to accurately shoot at each
other spend the second most important
character in Star Trek sacrifices
himself so that a doomsday device
doesn't kill the crew of the enterprise
there's even a scene where both
captain's talk to the bad guy as a
distraction while they secretly prepare
an alternate attack
don't scream I hope you're still alive
jean-luc oh yes I am God how do we know
you'll keep your word chins up I don't
think I ever told you about my first
Academy evaluation so Lock phasers on
target and up with my command
phasers look
eh
the thing was overall ratha comm was a
smarter movie it was about Kirk dealing
with changes in life realizing he was
getting older it was also about Kirk
never having had to face the no-win
scenario for Kirk everything usually
worked out in the end but not this time
this time spark died you see Kirk grew
as a character emesis lacked all these
elements except for people dying all her
happens released but guard just
discovers that if he grew up in a space
mine he just turned to a violent
psychopath that pulls a spike to his own
guts gee how uplifting Picard then just
storms off the bridge at the end and
everyone is left standing around with
this look on their faces like this Star
Trek shit's getting too violent for me
nemesis just basically leaves you with
the sick tired depressed feeling at the
end but couldn't they have ended it the
way the show ended the nice game of
pinochle something like we don't feel
like slitting your wife's wrists oh and
unrelated news Bambury killed herself in
the bathtub after I found out she was
taking money out of my wallet
I guess she felt guilty about number two
wedding bells
nemesis opens a Riker and Troy's funeral
I mean wedding wedding far away which is
mysteriously lacking the locks on a Troy
whose only mission in life was to see
your daughter get married now my gel
might have been sickly at that point
from her leukemia so a good lot of pass
but I really think the writers just
forgot why don't you leave her alone if
it weren't for you she'd be married by
now
Brian was a lot of people like to
complain about two characters who are in
this scene Worf and Wesley are you all
right
Romulan ale should be
it is the glass of Romulan ale doctor
Thank You senator the trading embargo
has been officially lifted if you were
wondering our last time we saw a little
Wesley he had quit Starfleet and gone
around the universe with some weird guy
commander how would you feel about being
named Federation ambassador to Chronos
I'm Warford been on Deep Space nine and
at the end he got married Klingon
Burford now they're suddenly back in
uniform and out the wedding yes doesn't
really annoy me it's entirely possible
that Wesley got bored with the traveler
and came to his senses maybe went back
to Starfleet
same with Worf maybe Worf was an
ambassador for a year and then got bored
you see each movie the reason for Worf
being there gets less and less important
first he's on the Defiant and is beamed
over in battle the nizam was out of
conference or something
now he's just there and don't ask why if
they don't care I'm not going to care in
fact it seems like no one cares about
the accuracy of these characters no more
Michael Dorn put on 50 pounds since we
last saw him Picard is happy and smiling
and completely out of character Marina
Sirtis apparently totally forgot how to
play counselor Troi Troi now sounds
almost exactly like Marina Sirtis sounds
and interviews whether you're a real
bride or a make-believe bride you're the
princess for the day it's tradition Worf
you of all people should appreciate that
I'm not certain of that now
I do sense something unusual I'm proud
of the work that we all did I'm not
certain of that now captain well you're
in quite a mood today my father was a
Starfleet officer enough about this crap
back to the wedding scene now I'll tell
you what really bothers me it's dumped
green plastic drum cymbals why do they
have to have space cymbals is it to
remind us that we're in the future look
the symbol goes back to prehistoric
times and you're asking me to believe
that all the way from then up until the
last couple of years they started making
drum cymbals and transparent green
plastic and if any post a comment saying
it's supposed to be some kind of
semi-transparent green metal alloy that
reverberates sound much better than
traditional symbols well you ain't
getting sent a pizza Roy you're got it
because we've consistently seen Star
Trek characters playing traditional
woodwind and strength instruments all
throughout Star Trek my career employed
a fucking trooper
none of these instruments have been
turned into a transparent green plastic
listen enough about the symbols my
grandkids need their air medicine if you
want to help please mail cash only to
Trump Taj Mahal Casino Hotel Kara
various blanket sling go mystery bonus
slot machine near the men's bathroom
Atlantic City New Jersey Oh a 400-watt
from January important

[Part II]
part two number three I don't know it's
happening in the movie again c-grade
hack writers and producers were put in
charge of a Star Trek movie to write a
story that looks like it's a complex
mystery plot when you break it down
nothing makes sense I guess we're
supposed to forget about the details of
what just happened in the movie by the
time we get to the drill inducing action
scenes don't ask questions just keep
shoving popcorn and your faces and
shelling out money I'm going to ask
questions Scott jammer so the real story
begins when were sting beeps and they
scan the positronic signature and the
Caloris region got it I'm picking up an
unusual electromagnetic signature from
the Killoran system which is of course
b4 was on a planet when placed there by
Shinzon as a way to bait Piccard the age
you can't refuse first of all it's never
explained how Shinzon found a rare
Noonien Soong Android was it on Romulus
did he find it in space was it just a
coincidence that I found it and it was
the same as data who just happens to be
picard second officer hmm that's awfully
convenient also how did he get it to
emit the positronic signatures
specifically at the enterprise because
if the enterprise's computers detected
it you think other starships in the area
would've - there would be probably like
20 ships all arriving at Clause 4 they'd
all be like you guys here to check out
the positronic reading - how weird
so are we oh forget about us - hey
everyone let's meet on the planet bring
your doom buggies and beer number 4b for
you sunk my starship
so everything shins on does to set up
his master plan makes no sense he wanted
Picard to take b4 home with them he also
wanted Picard himself I guess for the
blood transfusion although I never get
seem interested in doing it is
for the procedure let's begin the
procedure now so why did his initial
plan put both of those things in
jeopardy first of all why is before
scattered about in pieces the only
reason I can think of is to have Picard
and his friends find each piece one at a
time in order to make it look like this
is some kind of complex mystery plot
when it isn't
I guess maybe Shenzhen found them in
pieces and didn't know how to assemble
them but why scatter them all over the
place then why not just leave them in a
pile let's think about this for a moment
what happened last time they found an
android and pieces and assembled it are
you prepared for the kind of death you
burned little man Oh God why back off or
I'll turn your little man into a torch
the only person turning my little man
into a torch is my urologist so Shenzhen
apparently wanted them to assemble p4 so
that before could gather tactical
information on star flee and lure Picard
so how did Shinzon know they wouldn't
just dump the androids into a storage
bin and deal with it later or send it to
a Starbase for them to assemble in
research you think a guy who could build
a massive ship with a perfect cloak
could assemble a plastic Android that
fat guy with the beard did so why
couldn't he that were about a little
smarter to ensure that before did what
he was supposed to do so we've
established that shins on water Picard
to find the Android so why did he make
it so hard and dangerous to find I was
placed on a planet with dangerous ion
storms or something I provided them from
using their transporters I wouldn't
recommend using the transporter that ion
storm doesn't look very neighborly okay
it was also put on a planet right near a
bunch of aliens with machine guns that
shoot at everything but were those
Riemann's disguised as primitive aliens
with machine guns and tanks to make it
look like primitive aliens and machine
guns and tanks was shooting at them if
so why it's really hard to tell some
aliens kind of look like Riemann's
but I'm not sure I don't think they were
if there weren't Riemann's then why did
they put before on that planet right by
the mailings with machine guns that
could have killed Picard either thing
makes no sense I think the whole scene
was there so they could just have an
action chasing a Jeep really that's it
there's a fucking kindergartner right to
smoke number five her card the Argo and
a big fuck you to the audience it was
the first great gift that John Logan
gave me when data--and Wolfen God go
down to the alien world the God goes
along and we are given a futuristic
all-terrain vehicle to drive mentioned
in the behind the scenes that brent
Spiner is friend john local wrote the
script
hence the excessive brent Spiner screen
time and frankly I'm enough of a brent
Spiner fan that I like seeing him play
more than one person it's also mention
the Patrick Stewart likes cars and
driving and off-roading in real life and
he'd be more happy with the script if he
had a scene where he could drive a dune
buggy
I've always enjoyed driving I really
really enjoy driving and it's something
I think about and I try to remain
focused on all the time
referre Minh doesn't care about the Star
Trek legacy anymore
and he seems like some kind of idiot so
he didn't object so the result is the
dumbest sequence in Star Trek history a
dune buggy chase really no really this
is real this was actually filmed and put
in a Star Trek movie yes the enlightened
Captain Picard who loves playing flutes
drinking tea and reading Shakespeare
also loves redneck off-roading and
anything be more out of character so
you're telling me that the enterprise
has a support craft in which almost the
entire space Insider is devoted to
housing a vehicle that's less useful
than the craft that houses it a
shuttlecraft can fly around it can hover
land anywhere fly up into the air to
escape say other dune buggies to work in
the Argo to hold only three crew members
provide no protection from the elements
of alien world
provide no real storage capacity there's
unable to get around mountains rivers or
other natural barriers there's only one
compartment in the back that houses a
giant laser cannon only useful if you
happen to get into chasing with other
land-based vehicles
Jesus this thing reminds me of our
humanity or something now after doing
some research I found out that argo is a
trademarked brand that makes ATVs I
assume they're responsible for the
design or the creation of this thing but
I'm not really sure that it was named
after the mythical ship Argo but that
was the ship this is a dune buggy I
don't know nor do I really care what I
do know is that the only thing spinning
faster than those tires is Gene
Roddenberry in his great number six
Picard loses a bet apparently in his
academy days Picard had lost a bet done
although he was used to having a great
head of hair that the ladies loved he
agreed to take a smiling picture of
himself shortly after he lost the bet
and shaved his head after careful
analysis of this movie by a team from
the Hair Club for Men we have come up
with one of two possible explanations of
the picture that Picard lost a bet or
the filmmakers think the audience is
stupid I'm going with the learner I have
a feeling a conversation like this
happened so Picard's clone is just like
him then no let's burned on tomorrow so
he's younger then yeah but he's got to
be bald because if he's not bald than
the audience even if we tell them still
won't understand that he's Picard's
clone because Picard is the bald captain
if he's not bald then no one will
understand what's health care okay he's
bald so I'm willing to accept the fact
that Shinzon probably shaved his head to
look more like the Riemann's but why
does young Picard have a shaved head
well remember what Picard looked like
when he was a cadet he wasn't always
bald
remember that time when Picard's DNA got
reverted and he ended up like a child he
had hair even the young clone Picard had
hair additionally when dr. crusher has a
flashback to some time in the past when
Picard
little younger we see the last remnants
of his hairline now while these examples
are technically a curie creation a DNA
transporter accident and a nightmare
brought on by a telepath i still present
them as evidence to picard at male
pattern baldness that and he has a clear
crown line on the back of his head
so then why does this photo show a cadet
Picard that looks exactly like shins on
the answer is dating the audience is
stupid if this photo would look like
this a picture of a young Picard is a
cadet with hair I guess we're all
supposed to scratch our thick monkey
craniums and ask why is Picard staring
at a picture of some guy even though the
following dialogue with dr. crusher
explains what the photo is if the cadet
didn't look exactly like Shinzon we'd
all be confused really we're not that
dumb yeah this is kind of like if they
made a film or or even out of scene in a
film that featured Abraham Lincoln as a
boy they have them wearing a stovepipe
hat and a fake beard that's how dumb the
filmmakers think we are Alf about diet
listen I'm almost certain I'm going to
head it back on this slot machine are
just near a couple thousand more bucks I
promise I'm going to pay it back when I
won't pay Sun cast them to Trump Taj
Mahal Casino Hotel care of hairpin turn
go down part three

[Part III]
part three number seven lights camera
action I think I've already established
why the TNG movies totally suck it's
because of comments like this
I think the audience wants the Star Trek
to be an action movie wrong wrong you
asshole wrong what we want is a good
story
some good dialogue and the characters
that were on the show not
one-dimensional action movie recreations
of them when producers and actors start
meddling with the movie and develop the
story it always comes out like a big
Lincoln law action is great but
pointless action is boring that needs to
be balanced out with a good story before
got more brains in this story longest a
tall man have a furry face now all MIT
nemesis is a good action movie but what
is action let's discuss I like to
reference the next gen up the so called
power play I like this one in this
episode a Lian's possessed Roy data and
O'Brien we were brought to this moon
over five centuries ago from a star
system called goodsmile
at first they pretend to be the ghost of
an old dead Starfleet crew but we later
learn that their prisoners is some kind
of weird alien penal colony why am I
talking about this episode because it's
a good example of action every action
has a purpose which propels the story it
got a shuttlecraft accident get knocked
down by lightning then they attempt to
take over the ship to take hostages but
they got a mission the rest of the
episode is kind of like a power struggle
between them and Picard the good guys
they think of a plan try some things and
then the stakes get higher when they
fail there's even a crying baby that's
threatened eventually we arrived at the
exciting climax of the story and the big
action scene is got ready
it's people walking down a hallway
yep moving from ten forward to the cargo
bay is the centerpiece of the exciting
ending but to me this is a hundred times
more exciting than watching like or
pointlessly fight with a monster and
power play I was interested to see what
the conclusion was going to be what was
the aliens final goal
I was Picard going to outwit them did he
have a trick off asleep what was going
to happen to the hostages these were
things are cared about people walking
down a hallway ends up being more
exhilarating than a needlessly long
chase sequence with absolutely no
tension or consequence or pointless
space battle in the rat the carnage
phaser hit was important and it changed
the nature of the situation analysis
ships flightless leaf IRA each other for
45 minutes proving the point of
excessive action there's a necessarily
effective action
number eight what's up with shins on so
the Romulans cloned Captain Picard so
they could replace them in some kind of
devious plot so then they abandoned the
whole thing because it's too risky or
something but they send a little kid to
work in a mine they sent me there today
all they sent them there to die why
don't they just gas him or put him in a
1982 Cadillac DeVille and slam it into a
tree at 85 miles an hour or slit his
wrists in the bathtub and then pay a
prostitute to write a suicide note for
you and then push her down a well to
make sure she don't oh my god point is
Romulans are on the business of dirty
business why are you doing this why keep
him alive is a five-year-old really
going to help out in the mine he's just
going to grow up and have his life
conveniently formed the background plot
for a b-grade sci-fi action movie on
that note to Riemann's and Shenzhen
we're all slave labor riot
they say Ravens were the lowest caste of
Romulan society
the Ravens themselves are considered an
undesirable caste in the hierarchy of
the Empire cannon fodder basically
cannon fodder I just said that so for
one how'd it shins on Animus cape and
have the time to build the scimitar
without having the Romulan Empire and
the towel Shiar find them furthermore
how does a kid who never went to school
and a bunch of monsters at work in a
mine have the resources or know-how to
even build a massive ship like that with
a perfect cloak his clothing is perfect
from building the cemetery to secret
base Oh built it on a secret base where
how with who I guess the Riemann's knew
a lot about mining so they probably
could have dug up the materials but that
would have been a pretty massive
operation would have attracted a lot of
attention then you'd need things like
torpedoes some antimatter chairs
viewscreens you'd think even before they
laid down the first bulkhead they'd be
surrounded by a fleet of Romulan
warbirds
so that for no reason Shenzhen wants to
take over as the leader of Romulans
which at first the attempts to do
politically then one that fails he does
it by force now he's in charge of
Romulans and all I want him to do is to
start a war with the Federation even
though they just got done with the
costly war with the Dominion but with
Shinzon's goal just to exterminate the
population of earth
if so then he already had the capacity
to do that without the Romulans salt
doing this liberate the regions that is
the single thought behind everything I
have done
he already freed the Riemann's and in
that dark place where there was nothing
myself
I found my Riemann brothers they showed
me the only true kindness I'd ever known
kill him I guess the director was
confused to the Shinzon character can't
be just a straight bad guy he's not a
bad guy deploy the weapon he's not
planning to defeat earth I always do
with you now he's planning its
annihilation and that's the whole
essence of kill everything on that ship
the as I understand this hey asshole we
all know what's going on in the movie
well we know what a bad guy wants to
accomplish without changing his mind
every five minutes I guess it creates
some tension our three crap Shinzon
accomplished his goal of escaping the
mine and freeing the Riemann's before
the movie started after that it gets
hazy he didn't want to kill Picard I was
merely curious about it but then later
he does my life is meaningless as long
as you're still alive
he wanted to be the next praetor but he
seemed irritated when he had to do the
whole pray tour thing and talk to
Romulans if you wanted to be the leader
of the Romulan Empire you should expect
some conference calls he needed Picard
for the blood transfusion to save his
own life but he never really seemed
interested in doing it I guess he was
always planning to attack earth but why
not forget how a mission Jin's own you
think his beef would have been with the
Romulans spend 18 hours every day under
the lash of a Romulan God you'll soon
understand patience
Shinzon had a passing interest in troika
shared a vagina and he probably never
did it with the check
maybe fucker Riemann in the ass but he
really wanted girl
maybe Shinzon should have taken the
Scimitar over to Raisa for a little
vacation before the movie started I'm
sure him in the Riemann's would have fit
right in that could have played some
volleyball and
we'll have some drinks by the bar and of
course picked up some ladies on spring
break spring break number nine shinza
reminds me of dr. evil from the moment I
saw chins on I knew something was wrong
he reminded me too much of dr. evil I'm
going to place him in an easily
escapable situation involving an overly
elaborate an exotic death they were
going to replace you with me he was bald
I had a bird nose that is to have sharks
with frickin laser beams attached to
their heads
he wore an evil costume with shoulder
pads he was the head of an evil
organization and he even had a scar on
his face and of course he sounded a lot
like them I want you to meet daddy's
nemesis a lifetime of violence will do
that they were going to replace you
meaning me
you
ladies and gentlemen welcome to my moon
base you've all been chosen to be part
of my elite moon unit dr. evil while you
were frozen we began a program to clone
you could he is exactly like you in
every way
ABB's baby very ash

[Part IV]
number ten other things happen I guess
is no foreseeable danger so there's this
weird planet near the Romulan border
which has suspicious positronic
signatures on it dangerous ion storms
and an undeveloped culture of monsters
with tanks and machine guns
there's no foreseeable danger this
really looks like a trap to me sir so we
see that Captain Janeway has been
promoted to Admiral shouldn't she be in
a prison while I'm overriding those
protocols an alliance with the Borg more
like in exchange we offer them a way to
defeat their new enemy we get safe
passage through their space you're
forgetting the temporal prime directive
kept the hell with it
diplomacy captain your diplomacy
destroyed my world for the duration of
this mission the prime directive is
rescinded your hands your eyes are the
same as mine no they're not Burkhart is
an artificial heart initiate the force
beam excuse me sir I have a question
what's the point of that force field do
you really think it's gonna contain a
warp core breach how about you put that
force field around the tubes with the
flesh melting gasps oh my god you know
the first thing that's going to happen
when we get hit is that force field is
going to go offline oh there goes so if
the riemann's built the Scimitar
why don't they design the buttons to be
a little easier to press for large
monster hands with huge fingernails so
Picard tries to activate the
self-destruct but it's offline
Kru yep guess we can't blow the ship up
oh well I won't tell anyone that you
could have just fired a phaser at the
warp core your secret is safe with me
I'm a coward - so the riemann's were
bred for combat hey no one really
thought about aiming their weapons
though did they
so when masters beam over to the
enterprise
the card gives Riker the order to go
ahead and stop them really the first
officer she ought to have a security
force that can do that kind of work
Riker should be on the bridge in case he
needs to take command in place of Picard
there are no why one because the script
needed something for Riker to do and
when a main character is set off to have
a pointless fight with a monster to give
him something to do there are problems
shall have another rewrite
number eleven the ending so I only seen
all this crap before it's kind of like
slightly different deploy the collector
definitely the weapon or manic you up
street fun time you put some distance
with remote link lifetime well I'm
separation you'll see them by accident
weapons fire could ignite the exhaust
separation in 2 minutes and 15 seconds
four minutes and firing sequence
so we're going to team up with the fleet
of starships to take on shins on that's
good that makes sense
but instead of telling them hey guys
we'll meet halfway okay keep your eye
out for us the card goes to them and
they pull out a course through a giant
green nebula that data apparently knows
will muffle their communications gee
what a great place for an ambush
then the fleet just sits there hey
where's Picard I don't know we lost
contact with them after they entered
that giant green nebula
the Romulans broad figured out where
they were and she was in Romulus should
even know where her car was headed to
either she just found them in the green
nebula yeah so let's get to a battle at
the end even though I don't read the
script I her feeling that Picard was
going to face off with shins on
something was going to blow up at least
they didn't say times up let's talk
about this ending after shooting at each
other for two hours both ships are out
of ammo we've exhausted our complement
of photon torpedoes just look to signal
functional one sir her card Rams the
enterprise and dish ins on ship but that
still doesn't stop them from turning on
a death ray
they only have enough power to beam over
one person of course
Picard goes over for movie purposes
let's think about this for a second
all part of the responsibility of being
a commander and Starfleet means that
sometimes you might have to order
someone to their death the car really
should have sent over Worf give him a
bat lift and some phasers and a knife
and so Worf kill everything you see and
shut down that green thing before it
kills everyone you're not going to make
it back but you're going to save the
ship and Earth Z Worf loves fighting
monsters and he would love to die in
battle to died if any one ship is a hope
of ever going on instead a 65 year old
man with arthritis goes Picard risks the
safety of the earth and his crew because
its existence is something I have to do
something he needs to do now remember
when Picard got his ass handed to him by
Malcolm MacDonald right old Shore
elderly man kicked the shit out of him
so why he's gonna go up against 26
Riemann's that to me was a bonehead move
as a commander but this is an action
movie and the main character has to face
off with the bad guy at the end I might
remind you though that in Star Trek 2
the Wrath of Khan Kirk was never on
screen with comm they never felt like
they had to have Kirk beam over to the
reliant to fight with Khan then set the
Reliant to Otto distraught see every
movie doesn't have to be the same so
anyways let's talk about what happened
Picard beams over shoots people to shoot
back Shinzon makes weird faces they
fight their way up to the green thing
they fall down Picard loses his phaser
data floats over Shenzhen gets impaled
uses like a transporter thing to get
Picard off the shift and close himself
up and yeah it's time for my chicken
tenders I'll be back mmm-hmm absent
friends
to have some friends so what happened to
all of our beloved characters
well Picard stayed on his captain date
is dead of course
Riker took command of the Titan and
brought Troy with them then they both
died in a transporter accident Beverly
Crusher committed suicide Worf became a
spokesperson for Weight Watchers or wano
he became a Klingon governor Geordi
LaForge became an old man or something
oh wait that timeline didn't happen
no Jory LaForge became the captain of
the USS challenger this is captain look
forward to the starship Challenger and
then oh wait no that timeline didn't
happen either
wait none of this happened they're
emailing me if you want a pizza room
post a comment on this web page if you
want a pizza roll
