Apr 15, 2014
Risk of Rain
youtube.com/watch?v=lkC-e8ELAt0
twitter.com/PreviouslyRec/status/456808117829775361
redlettermedia.com/pre-rec-risk-of-rain
http://web.archive.org/web/20140415180734/http://blip.tv/redlettermedia/pre-rec-risk-of-rain-6843420

hi I'm rich and I'm Jack and today on
previously recorded we're playing risk
of rain yeah
risk of rain is a roguelike action game
it's currently only available for
Windows you play as this little guy and
your mission is to find the teleporter
on every level you fight monsters
collect power-ups and most importantly
you just try not to die
okay jack so I think we have played
enough of risk of rain to to give a good
first impression our opinions on the
game what what did you think not knowing
much about the game I called it a
procedurally generated roguelike in the
action platformer and the levels aren't
procedurally generated they're just kind
of randomized yeah so it's a randomized
roguelike indie action game there's a
horde of things what are those things
also the true they're perfect
they look like shredders I'm being
chased by H Rutter's okay you need to
use another device can't do it won't let
me I think the only thing that's really
random eyes are like the item placements
yeah the chest the item placements the
the warp entrances like the teleport
yeah the teleporters the cheshire trash
the shrine thingamajigger z' these are
things you can buy what is it I think
that's a good question I've no idea what
it is I can buy it I'll buy it there's
three thing now why would they give you
three things and not tell you what any
of them do I have to make a choice
between I don't know I don't know and I
really just have no idea see this is
this is one of my issues with the game
alright you know we got this digitally
there is no manual and we didn't look up
a game FAQ fine like that the three
items and you can only buy one of them
you don't know what any of them do so
what's the point in giving you a choice
a guitar guitar yay
what his music was electric what is it
too much to ask to walk over the item
and have a little box that comes up it
says the ukulele causes a slight chance
for electric bullets so I know oh that's
what that does the con that is the game
is all about slow exploration and so
doesn't it fit well with the theming
that you don't really know what this
thing does but maybe I'll use it and
then it comes with a very distinct
little piece of pixel art and so you'll
know maybe maybe you'll figure out
future what it does and then you'll know
what that thing does it doesn't that
give you a little little sense of
accomplishment that only works to learn
what everything does right then on every
playthrough after that that effect is
lost here
yeah but then but then you have the joy
of learning very good I'm gonna make an
offer and I got what did that do I don't
know we
oh I took fall damage by the way I think
it was a purposeful move I think that
purposeful move on the game designers
part um and I don't necessarily mine it
because it's a roguelike you're gonna be
playing it over and over again if you're
playing it at all yeah you're supposed
to play this and beat the boss over and
over again to unlock different
characters to unlock different items and
then you play it again with a different
character you get a slightly different
experience and that's what you do the
joy the joy of unlocking stuff in a
Rogel yes is there it just tickle it
tickles that part of your brain where
you want to make sure all your cards are
straight this game has a lot of flaws
for me but I'm in love with it I thought
I thought it was really cute and really
engaging well would you would you say
one of the flaws is the the difficulty
curve there is not so much a difficulty
curve as there is a difficulty wall yeah
yeah well this difficulty wall but once
you get over the wall you're it's clear
sailing the way that you deal with your
enemies can sometimes feel a little
cheap I think we ran into this a lot
when we were playing is like bosses who
couldn't get down from ledges and so you
could find a perch and just fire you
know hahaha
fucker exploit
that's that's that's the trade off with
the randomly generated stuff though
right and that you gonna run into some
going to exploit like that here there
but even like even when when we got to
the end boss you you were fighting the N
boss and he recycled the same three four
attacks every couple of minutes
there's a difficult boss and then
there's just doing the same thing for 40
minutes this is this is where I run away
from the beams this is where I dodge and
this is where I turn around and shoot
this is where I run again you're doing
it over and over and over and you just
this ridiculously long health bar is
just slowly going down and I think
that's that's the biggest downfall of
the game you either feel kind of cheap
because you found an exploit to beat the
boss or you're dead and you have to
start over we eventually we played it
mostly on the easy difficulty for the
most part way to play normal and we
never really got over the hump on normal
yeah it's possible we're just assholes
and normal plays great it's very
possible that we're assholes so I think
we need to reaffirm here that you know
this is just a first impression
absolutely we're not get the full game
yeah yeah yeah oh you guys are gonna go
fucking down now downtown Julie brown
town um I feel like we're being harsh on
the game we are because it was really
enjoyable oh fuck everything's fucked ah
fuck hahaha the enemies and their
attacks were so beautiful
oh wow that's a cool monster oh you can
go up more huh jellyfish land fish land
jelly mmm
that's adorable I better run away from
it hey how about some more enemies I
don't know just because of our age and
our generation and growing up with a
Nintendo but isn't isn't pixel art just
the best thing the frowned body yellow
head one unit one juice one little
yellow pixel that's us hold it I do
wonder like what you know my character
is supposed to look like it's just an
orange shirt without with a white face
that's all I see it really is charming
oh and you can tell that whoever design
that game had this singular vision and
they nailed it you can't really tell
what things are but everything has a
very distinct look and it's all in the
same art style yeah just the pros and
cons of this art style is it's
interesting enough on its own where it
draws you in but at the same time it's
really hard to know what things are you
don't need to know what things are you
need to know this bad guy try to shoot
but you know like with a game with so
little explanation being able to easily
identify things is really important I
think not you shoot at it there are
times when - when things are so chaotic
on the screen you're this little tiny
pixel man I couldn't see where I was and
all of the coins flying around the blue
experience or flying around laser
monsters and your one-pixel I don't know
where the fuck I am I'm just holding
down the trigger button and moving and
hoping everything's fine awesome
there's a dinosaur man
if we're gonna harm ya and again we harp
lovingly because we enjoy the game yes
jumping it really sucked
moving in general felt like you were
moving through molasses cuz your
character move so slow and the jump was
agonizing just long long oh no oh no how
are you I get I know oh no oh shit oh
shit oh shit oh how I get out I don't
know can you get the wrong grab the rope
did you oh my fuck well the jump was a
slug jump you know and so like that was
a real if we're getting nitpicky that
was a real sticking okay okay I did not
would care for the movement jellyfish
jellyfish okay and I just mentioned that
you know it's a good game when you make
the struggling noise when your character
does something did you hear what rich
just did yeah when he was jumping I love
that
but the clears the question though how
how long would it take for it to get old
I could see putting in like a solid 10
20 hours and then just being over and
then you'll never touch they never touch
it again a lot of good in the game some
nitpicky bad stuff but mostly it's a
cheap short game for ten dollars I do
not regret the purchase at all so a
little cute pixel art game when your 3d
man and
it's a roguelike and you could play it
over and over that's great yeah so you
recommend I would recommend it
what little we play and there's a lot of
aspects of the game we just missed yeah
just playing it for a couple hours and
we enjoyed it a lot yeah absolutely and
but I'm by it with the soundtrack
because the soundtrack why not that's
good I think that's good do we need like
an outro or do you think there's an
ultra win there I don't know I don't
know if there's an outro in there I'm
attending I mean is there a good way to
