May 5, 2020
Behind the Scenes: Space Cop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KnM2Purvp10
https://www.redlettermedia.com/behind-the-scenes/red-letter-media-behind-the-scenes-space-cop

Every single aspect of making movies is a giant pain in the ass, and it's never worth it.
What?
Suspect is green.
Correction: pink.
Visor.
Oh, oh.
oh, I gotcha.
I thought you meant green, like, isn't new.
we're following a green car um okay miss
costumes terrible what do you think
about some sort of headphone on the
helmet
I'm the helmet like attach to it huh
we're about to shoot our first sequence
for space cop do you have any any any
comments are you psyched by a space cut
that's just what I have to put up with
my dead wife from the future who hasn't
been born yet because I'm trapped in the
past this is my most treasured
possession
nice in my relaxation storie
you forgot to dock cookies yeah action
we happen to be working on a film called
space cop right as you came in with the
video camera I am working on the space
cop logo as designed by rich Evans
hopefully everything centered I'm just
eyeballing everything I'm I didn't use a
ruler and I think it's centered what do
they say that this sort of applies
measured once cut twice
don't try and fool us with your
sorcerers ways look baby
by the way you can donate to our
Kickstarter campaign at kickstarter.com
slash space comp the movie please help
fund a movie that you will eventually
also pay for I am disassembling this gun
so we can add stuff to it and reassemble
it we're gonna make lights on the side
we're gonna drill some holes in here and
then sure we're gonna find some other
ways to augment it and make it look like
something other than the nerf gun it is
lighting technician
all right oh this is just the beginning
getting it all over the door in the
building what are you doing
three inch PVC green for no reason
really no this is gonna be space cops
light bars on the top of this Cruiser we
instead of just having traditional
lights we actually bought a real cop car
my part but awkward and heavy and
there's no way to get the lights on so
we're gonna do an effect where it's
future light bars
what are you working on we are building
panels and doodads and knickknacks for
the inside of space cops cruiser
what what are you working on why do you
keep pointing on thing in my fucking
face I'm trying to work get the fuck
away from me and what a beautiful car it
is Jay what are we doing we are filming
the miniature space cop mobile oh my god
it's a very complicated rig some string
I can't believe you're using a green
screen who are you George Lucas should
never use a green screen for anything
ever just like you should never do shot
ever shot ever what else can they call
us out on a talking cartoon alien named
Jar Jar Binks is rich Evans the Jar Jar
Binks of space cop yeah yes
yeah we're where were we Dave today we
were doing our first tests on our alien
mask they're being made by a fella named
Dale he had some generic masks made we
were doing some tests because we're
doing a in the style of Toxic Avenger
part 2 & 3 we're not doing appliances
it's just an over the head mask with
mouth cutout that we used spear gun to
attach and then they would talk that way
how hard is it to make like a prop like
that it's just a lot of steps the the
most important thing is the sculpt these
are from your drawings right is it from
some stupid little sketches I made we I
said come up with aliens I think we said
that they should be sort of fish like I
was trying to keep it simple enough that
a human head would fit in I asked like
oh I ain't know in my heart I wanted to
do some really weird things I think eyes
down here or something but we need to
have an actor or an actress right and
it's a comedy so you want something
that's sort of fucking and there's those
big eyes it's it's sort of like the the
classic gray alien yes with more worship
more more like gills like more fish like
it's like a fish like gray Liam yeah
yeah blonde Jocelyn we were having her
wear the mask that's not being made for
her it was a larger mass so hopefully
hers did not work out quite as well as
we had hoped just because of the shape
of the head but well if the first
attempt was bad the second attempt works
what kind of technical process did you
have to go through to get the master fit
right
oh we shoved a bunch of a bunch of
stuffing inside the head you're not even
stuffing you guys shoved plastic shit it
was like old old grocery bags and then
we shoved it on my head not gonna be
responsible re I'm hitting on how to
remake in your sexual prowess holes are
nowhere near my eyes but otherwise this
is great oh my god that looks so much
better yeah yeah it's a lot what Tiger
to the mouth it's like that I don't the
eye holes are just the way it's close no
I can't really
yeah oh yeah it's stretching I'm closed
almost yeah sorry rich I can't see at
all
hey you fucking where we just take it
off ok strong rich the first attempt at
alien masks I tried to do it because I
did some creatures for feeding frenzy so
I understood how to make molds and that
kind of thing but they only mess didn't
turn out so well yeah it's in the back
here somewhere I was there for the
longest they claimed and then we cleaned
so I have no idea where it is anymore
oh I can show you this though this is
the mold I made for the the classic
space cop star the star on his chest
yeah so this was my alien it would have
had I fucked up the paint's cuz to use
latex paint and it gets clogged in the
airbrush thing so it was gonna be more
detail than em more shading and stuff
but but yeah this was mine hope it's
still so we could do a side-by-side yeah
do a split screen of his alien mask
versus this thing oh my god
well I've made glop khun's for feeding
frenzy and they came out okay sounds
like that let me try and make it another
thing okay there's another word you
could use it's not okay okay they came
out as the best thing anyone has ever
sculpted the best thing that you have
ever sculpted that's true
are these our cryogenic storage tank and
people are going to come out of the
frozen the future now to see how my
stock and Enron is doing building this
sort of random shit we found at home
deep I don't even know what these are
this has got a retaining wall they go
just on your house while you're by your
like basement okay anyway I got I got
six of these and they're all stacked on
top of one another piece of wood gun
along here's to support it all and then
I've got these cookie jars and then
these are being bolted to the side and
we're gonna slap a sticker that says
liquid nitrogen there's gonna be tubes
and doodads glued to this
okay what's going on we're filming we're
gonna execute the most brilliant gag the
most brilliant joke and space cub which
is the cryo tube opens and the skeleton
falls out no logical sense better than
the original joke rich what was the
original joke the original joke there's
a woman in there with the skeleton and
then once skeleton falls down space cop
says at least he still had a boner why
are we changing that joke okay
because the original joke would have
required an actress oh yeah so we're
just doing it this way without an
actress
rich what are these and where did they
come from
okay these are some old CD recs that
they had at a comic book store and I
need to turn these into alien control
panels but in order to do that we need
to gut them so we can fit our lights in
here
so you see wreck just destroyed what if
the CD racks oh no we got these like
you're almost at this point almost a
year ago yeah yeah and they've been
sitting outside on our back lot ever
since and the snow and the rain and when
I when I did the first one about a year
ago almost god I had used the sawzall
and they were very sturdy and now after
being out in the weather it's just mush
yeah we had them covered by its complete
woosh so we have to be gentle we could
probably use this tabletop oh shit
roaming this makes me think of you learn
the exact same thing work analogies
regard to the ethical measuring and
cutting squares into other squares on
the grunt feel
your life is change that's wonderful
that's just wonderful cuz things only
get worse things only get worse they
never get better so if they're the same
that's okay I just took a saw and I
fucking gutted the whole thing I put
tinfoil on the bottom and then we're
gonna have a light on the bottom and the
light is gonna come up in this direction
now what we have on the the floor here
are our paper strips and these were all
posted on a big board with with dates
it was list under the dates over of
things we would film and as you can see
all of our organization it's all
haphazard we thrown on the floor now it
is currently February 1st and and as you
can see August 3rd so we're we're well
well behind or we're well we're well
ahead of being behind on schedule
we are getting walls
here's my listener man
here's my listed of it here's my listed
a man I wanna explain the history of
this set the set was built originally to
shoot dock of the dead in our mr.
plinkus segments for dock of the dead so
we didn't want to film in the house
because we wanted to take our time doing
it set up lights while the smoke machine
off shoot blood all over the walls after
we were done with our segments for
talking the dead we said well solve this
up let's use it for a couple more things
I like to keep this place very clean and
organized and I'm a slob it's like we're
some kind of couple that's odd and then
a sequence for space cop originally
supposed to take place on the exterior
of an apartment building we decided to
shoot it as the interior I'm use the set
one more time before we finally tear it
down today
one turn yourself in stove we bought for
$20 at a thrift store so we got these
cabinets from a guy who was renovating
apartment buildings he had a warehouse
full of cabinets so I think we bought
all these for like a hundred bucks and
we really needed this Jack Daniel's
bottle here so I had to I had to buy a
bottle of Jack Daniels and drink it very
quickly so that we had it on the set and
I threw up all over Jones you've got a
problem like we need to talk about that
later
yeah so while we're filming the scene I
want two cockroaches crawling all over
the cabinets the simplest trick in the
book
you take some fishing line and attach it
to a rubber cockroach cockroach on a
string
okay the pot while we needed a pot to
boil which we think would be easy
because hey it's a stove but it's fixed
over it's not hooked up to anything so
what we ended up doing was I
we took this pot I drilled a cup of
holes in the bottom of the pot and then
we have some tubes that are going
through this now hollowed-out stove
through the back of our fake wall and
then I'm standing back there with a tube
in my mouth just blowing here I mean I
don't know if it helps on the camera
this baby's got rocks in its head so Jay
tell us about the baby
well we originally is just oh my god
Sophie would the original idea was our
actor Zac was gonna get shot in the head
and he dropped the baby into a boiling
pot of water but we discovered after the
first couple tapes that the baby was too
light so we cut open its fucking face
and filled its head with rocks and then
hot glued the seam shut and that made it
land in the pod
do you feel foolish at all that we've
spent days of our life ringing up this
complicated special-effects so we can
shoot a sequence in a movie where we
drop a rubber baby into it no no I don't
feel foolish it's kind of amazing when I
tell people if well if I had to tell
somebody that I spent my day rigging a
pot with tubes and a fake stove they
would just be amazed they would be oh
really they would probably be amused
it gives me stories to tell everybody is
now safe
probably punch me once or so you want
two in a row yeah I mean I think you
reached up here BAM here from here I
just do backfist
how are you what are we doing here we're
doing some I guess stunts doubling of
rich Evans for space cop continuity is
not a factor in the sequence continuity
is for pussies that is is that
it's a famous quote by director yeah was
it Penny Marshall do you feel like you
can live up to rich Evans's stature as
an actor
yeah I'm not I'm not sure here's my list
of it here's my list of man he's pretty
good he's pretty athletic guy I think he
was gonna pull off the martial arts
stuff good but they gave me a phone call
and asked if I would come in and double
rich just to make sure he's probably got
me on a few kicks and punches but I I
did my best
I gotta go do you think eliminate if I J
or Vincent Price made some price at his
current age which would be like 135
right Vincent Price I'm gonna do my
we're jamming a little dangerous
firework into another set wall right
behind rich Evans face
so we're recreating our favorite line
from one of our favorite movies which is
Russian Terminator you've got a problem
you're going to die do I open it you
want to go on that side you've got a
problem
we're lighting our exterior strip club
back-alley scene trying to get some
backlighting on space cop it does not
work well we have it so to keep another
shot we're going to try and run an
extension cord up the side of the
building they give they have given me a
very specialized piece of technology a
ladder for getting up really high and a
hose man in the ladder is going to spray
the hose well I say space cop dialog
what setting is the little dialog shower
back in the future I did important
police work I got to fly around and I
got to shoot things with my laser cannon
space cut this water solving cases that
glowing buildings up in violence you got
to use your mind and your wits
we are using a mace windu plastic taco
bell cup topper as a stand-in for our
actor chica Johnson and he's going to
get his head melted a la Raiders of the
Lost Ark I think Jays dad or mom found
this Kotaku Bell Cup topper in his
basement
it wasn't yeah my dad's basement Jay it
has been since 1999 yeah Jay collected
them all when they came out for some
reason I think he was a fan of the
Phantom Menace so we are going to melt
it with this heat gun I'm now plugging
up mace windows two holes he has one on
his back and one in his button and then
well I'm not gonna plug this one until I pour in Fright props brand movie slime.
This is actually kind of dangerous stuff because your're not supposed to get it on your skin because it'll burn you.
You can't touch it, you can't breathe it in, and you can't look at it.
He must've gone around that--
Oh, Rich evans.
I should've kept my original name.
Holden.
Holden M'Dickey.
I should have kept my original name.
Holden.
Holden M'Dickey.
I'm sorry.
I just wanna turn and go--
Can't look right at your face as you go--
